The earliest piece of music that was ever written down and that has not been lost was discovered on a tablet written in Hurrian , a language spoken in and around northern Mesopotamia -LRB- where Iraq is today -RRB- , from about 1500 BC .
Decades of war , hunting , and years of drought have reduced the wildlife population in Afghanistan .
Before the Meiji period -LRB- 1868-1912 -RRB- , the nation was divided into provinces which were consolidated in the prefectural system .
Later , several emperors tried to destroy Christianity but they did not succeed .
Even some human communication is not language .
This is only one example from history of how racism can be a reason for defining one group 's language as ` slang ' and another as ` correct ' .
The laws of most countries say that people are only allowed to drive cars if they have a license .
Since a city has the most unsimple government problems , the word for this study is like that for city .
If someone own cows , and wants to trade for only `` half a cow 's worth '' of wheat , he probably does not want to cut his cow in half .
To tell a secret .
They date to about 6,000 BC .
When Spain was under Muslim control , some of the most beautiful buildings were mosques .
5,400,000 people live there .
The biggest , Ganymede , has a diameter of 5,262 kilometres .
When something has no meaning , it is `` absurd '' .
The style is the neck of the carpel .
However , like other mammals , they feed milk to their young , and protect and look after them .
A person who studies pre-history and history through things left behind by ancient cultures is called an archaeologist .
Champlain signed trading and military agreements with the Aboriginal people .
Using particle accelerators they discovered that protons and neutrons were actually made of other particles , called quarks .
The cap ` tchi tribe in Sudan is known for the ritual burning of domesticated animals that are considered too sacred to eat .
with a slim , straight trunk , grows to over 300 feet .
Ultraviolet radiation is dangerous to people , so without the Ozone layer life would not be possible .
This can be known as dictatorship or simply `` bending the rules '' .
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind .
People who do not see a paradox where others do , are likely to be too certain they are right .
Many modern lands were once part of the Roman Empire , including Britain -LRB- not Scotland -RRB- , Spain , Portugal , France , Italy , Greece , Turkey , Germany , Egypt , and the north coast of Africa .
Havana , which is the capital , is also a port .
Some foods are good to eat either raw or cooked .
In Norway and Sweden , for example , a mil is a unit of length which is equal to 10 kilometres .
This is called the Holy Trinity by most people who believe in it , although the word `` Trinity '' is not in the Bible .
The Soviets took advantage of the situation and invaded Afghanistan in December 1979 .
The light parts are called zones and the darker are called belts .
Having a celebration or special traditions when a person dies is very common .
People bake bread .
A mile is a unit of length .
On earth , there is much liquid water , but people have not found any liquid water on Mars .
Phenomena are events and happenings in the Universe .
The nautical mile is used for sea or air travel .
Many 20th century Christian sects have similar beliefs .
When people write or show a service mark , they can use the service mark symbol : '' â '' .
Examples of islands that are their own countries include Cuba , Iceland , and Madagascar .
Around Austria there are Germany , Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary , Slovenia , Italy , Switzerland , and Liechtenstein .
There are differing views on whether religious statements should be regarded as knowledge .
In many cultures , there are rules and customs about how to give a person a name .
These Warranty Disclaimers are considered to be included by reference in this License , but only as regards disclaiming warranties : any other implication that these Warranty Disclaimers may have is void and has no effect on the meaning of this License .
French was the language of diplomacy and culture in Europe between the 17th and 19th century and is still widely used .
In 1826 , the first British military outpost was set up at King George Sound in Western Australia .
People from Italy are called Italians .
Physics also studies sound , light and other waves .
The things that live on Earth have completely changed its air -LRB- atmosphere -RRB- ; this is called a biosphere .
Plate tectonics is main cause of change but there are others such as erosion from wind and rain , erosion by the oceans or meteorite impacts .
A plant needs sunlight , carbon dioxide , minerals and water to make food .
The word astronomy comes from the Greek words astron which means star and nomos which means law .
Before 1600 , people studied substances to figure out how to do things like turn lead into gold , but no one managed to do that .
It is a question about whether -LRB- an omnipotent -RRB- God can make a mountain that is so heavy he can not lift it .
assuming 2.2 % inflation per year .
This section attempts to describe the various instruments used by astronomers , how they work and how they are used .
Beijing became more important again in the 10th century , when the Jin dynasty set its capital there .
The west , though , is drier .
In the 19th century , Jane Austen and Charles Dickens were popular novelists .
Hawaii is also the name of the largest island .
Few angels are named in the Bible apart from Michael and Gabriel .
The Ottomans began building central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
Daily prayers can be done anywhere .
Some are general and have pages on lots of topics .
The most important cities in Finland are Helsinki , Espoo , Tampere , Vantaa , Turku , Oulu , Lahti , Kuopio , JyvÃ skylÃ and Pori .
It is in this sense that the word appears in the term soul music .
Pages can be deleted because of a request for deletion or they can be quickly deleted under policy .
This curdles the cheese , it makes it solid .
A and B are 1 metre apart .
Twentieth century writers include the science fiction novelist H.G. Wells and J.R.R. Tolkien .
; Bastard A term for a child who was born to unmarried parents , also used as an insult .
Britain 's most well known universities include the University of Cambridge and University of Oxford , as well as the London universities -LRB- University College London , the London School of Economics , King 's College London and Imperial College London -RRB- which collectively form the ` Golden Triangle ' of UK universities .
When people do not have some natural resources , their quality of life can get lower .
The widest part of the island is 93 miles -LRB- 150 km -RRB- across .
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels .
The infection is caused by the bacteria Staphylococcus aureus .
He had been the President for last 30 years .
The first recorded use of the word `` China '' is dated 1555 .
Other acronyms found online are simply common shorthand .
Geometry can be used to measure many things by seeing them as made of geometrical shapes .
`` Licensing sessions '' were the meetings of magistrates which decided about giving licences to sell alcohol .
Khorasan reached its peak of civilization in the twelfth century , and cities like HerÄ t , Balkh and Ghazni -LRB- all in today 's Afghanistan -RRB- were centres of science and culture .
It is a three-week race of around 3,500 km that covers most of France and ends in the center of Paris , on the Avenue des Champs-Elys Ã s. Football is another popular sport in France .
The people who are important in the government get special treatment , and better houses and food .
Planets are ball-shaped -LRB- spheres -RRB- .
The number of neutrons in relation to protons defines whether the nucleus is stable or goes through radioactive decay .
Theoretical physics often uses quantitative approaches to develop the theories that attempt to explain the data .
According to the Avesta , Aryans settled in sixteen districts in the area , beginning with Airiana vaejo -LRB- `` Land of Aryans '' , most likely in the north of today 's Afghanistan -RRB- , and following with BÄ xÎ Ä `` = Bactria or Balkh ; NisÄ ya = a district between Margiana and Bactria ; HarÅ iva = Areia or HerÄ t ; VaÄ `` kÉ rÉ ta = GandhÄ ra ; UrvÄ = Ghazni region ; Haraxá aitÄ `` = Arachosia or Kandahar ; HaÄ `` tumant = Helmand region ; RaÎ a = a district north of Haraxá aitÄ `` and HaÄ `` tumant ; Ä axra = Ä arx between Ghazni and Kabul , in the valley of Logar .
Philosophers ask questions about ideas .
An extensive system of ferry networks operate between the Scottish islands , and major ferry routes operate between England and France -LRB- via the English Channel -RRB- , Scotland-Northern Ireland -LRB- via the Irish Sea -RRB- and England\/Wales-Republic of Ireland -LRB- from Liverpool\/Holyhead -RRB- .
The name comes from the Latin oct for `` eight '' .
Neptune was discovered by the astronomers , Urbain Le Verrier and John Couch Adams .
Most of Quebec 's inhabitants live along or close to the banks of the Saint Lawrence River .
But , in 1861 , Latium and Veneto were still not part of Italy , because they were ruled by the Pope and Austrian Empire .
Colchester is a town in the northern part of the English county of Essex .
The word ranch is from the Spanish word `` rancho '' .
America said the restrictions on contact would continue unless Fidel Castro gave up power .
It is also useful to be able to play `` by ear '' -LRB- when people try to play music they have only heard -RRB- .
If they break down badly , people will think the society is unfair and start taking things from each other , refusing to help each other , or seeing those who have more as cheats .
See Wikipedia for a simple English introduction to the project in all languages , and Useful for a list of pages that can help you more .
The ways developed to solve equations frequently made use of the facts of the parts of an equation .
Because of this , most of Cuba 's port cities can be flooded along the coast .
Continents not only move but also sometimes crash into each other .
Chinese writing is often written as a type of art , called calligraphy , which means making art from writing .
These simple substances are called elements .
A server log records what is happening on a server at any time .
There are also disagreements between different countries .
Today Britain has strong ties to Spain from this time .
Australians like sports and have won lots of world cups in things like rugby union , rugby league , netball and cricket .
Words to do with computers such as `` download '' are new to the English language .
Most of them tried to do two sorts of thing .
You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above , provided that you release the Modified Version under precisely this License , with the Modified Version filling the role of the Document , thus licensing distribution and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy of it .
Often this is the first letter of each word .
The verb is to blaspheme and the adjective is blasphemous .
Elements were discovered more and more rapidly .
Gravity is the only real force in the theory .
Around four and a half million in the Republic and the remaining two million in the North .
The Spaniards thought this meant they were inferior , and used this as an excuse to enslave the natives .
English scholar H. R. Ellis Davidson suggests that apples were related to religious practices in Germanic paganism .
These techniques are used to climb trees for many purposes , including tree care -LRB- arborists -RRB- , animal rescue , recreation , sport , research , and activism .
For example , they wanted to tell the music box to play different music every time .
Defining means giving a definition .
6 .
The more money a person or a society has , the easier it is to do things and the better off people are .
Black can stand for strength and authority .
There is likely to be a core , thought to be about 15 Earth masses , made up of molten rock and metal surrounded by a mixture of rock , water , ammonia , and methane .
Gastro-tourism and the Guide Michelin helped to acquaint people with the rich bourgeois and peasant cuisine of the French countryside in the 20th century .
It relies on forcing atoms together to make helium and energy , exactly as happens in a star like the Sun , or in a hydrogen bomb .
The American business people made Hawaii into a republic for a short time .
Fishes with fusiform shapes can chase prey and escape predators quickly .
From 180 BC , many other countries invaded India .
In Greek mythology , Zeus places his son -LRB- the baby Heracles -RRB- whose mother was a mortal woman on Hera 's breast while she is sleeping so that the baby will drink her divine milk and become immortal .
Depending on the meaning of the words they use , the answers change .
When thieves steal things for money , they usually pick cars , electronics , laptops , or other things they can sell easily .
String Theory is slightly different from most other theories because it could help scientists get closer to explaining everything that they can think of , so many scientists are excited by the ideas that String Theory has to offer .
5 of them have a special status , they are called autonomous .
AfghanistÄ n -LRB- Pashto : Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù
This was an absolution of all sin .
About 61 million people live in the UK .
Sailing and other water sports are also very popular , the same are sports indoor like badminton , handball and many others .
The name of the part of the United States government that sends rockets into outer space is NASA , from the words `` National Aeronautics and Space Administration '' .
If people add a negative number to another this is the same as taking away the positive number with the same numerals .
An atom is a basic unit that makes up all matter .
The Earth changes greatly from place to place .
He would adopt him as his son .
In everyday life , the term `` politics '' refers to the way that countries are governed , and to the ways that governments make rules and laws .
We use variables because the numbers are unknown or can change .
The atom is made up of three main particles ; the proton , the neutron and the electron .
In the American system there are two different pints .
The attacks involved hundreds of Israelis angry at Arabs for a previous attack .
Most modern computers can be used to play music or video .
There were no cooking pots .
That way , if government does not act nice , they can be replaced in the next election .
During the second world war , Nazis occupied France .
Here are examples of common acronyms : The word `` radar '' is an acronym for `` Radio Detection and Ranging '' .
A copy that is not `` Transparent '' is called `` Opaque '' .
People in English-speaking countries refer to boots in a figurative or joking manner when they tell someone `` to lift yourself up by your own bootstraps '' .
For a few cheeses , the milk is curdled by adding acids such as vinegar or lemon juice .
India 's official national sport is field hockey which is controlled by the Indian Hockey Federation .
Armenia received its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 .
There might be some smaller rooms for studying .
It is known for its culture , and its many monuments , structures , and places such as the Louvre , the Eiffel Tower , the Arc de Triomphe , Giverny , Mont Saint Michel , Versailles , and Notre Dame .
Rhizobia bacteria in root nodules help some plants get nitrogen .
The Greek mathematician Euclid wrote the first book about geometry .
After the Chinese Civil War , the Communist leader Mao Zedong declared a new country , the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- , in Beijing on October 1 , 1949 .
Each of them sees itself as a democracy .
Suzuki is the family name , and Ichiro is the first name .
Breakfast sausage is a type of fresh pork sausage made from seasoned ground meat mixed with bread crumbs .
Scientists have discovered that 120,000 years ago Neanderthal people started burying their dead .
The Albigensian crusade actually failed to destroy the Cathar beliefs from southern France .
In the 9th and 10th centuries , numerous local Islamic dynasties rose to power .
A road was built and the Governor , Lachlan Macquarie founded the town of Bathurst on the other side , 100 miles from Sydney .
The Executive branch is made up of the President , Vice President , Prime Minister , and the Council of Ministers .
Opinions should be said like this :
In the 1970s , 80s and 90s lots of Australian movies , actors and singers became famous around the world .
Sometimes when there are more than two parties with seats , no one party has over half of the seats .
Many mosques are famous works of architecture .
For other uses , see Neptune -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
-LRB- Because the license `` reproduces '' and stays with the work , this is sometimes called a `` viral '' license . -RRB-
The city has a population of 567,641 people in 2009 .
Breathing too much helium can also cause long-term effects to vocal cords .
Tamil is one of the oldest languages .
See also standard error .
There are animals living in solitary and in groups .
The Xbox and the new Xbox 360 are videogame `` consoles '' , which means they let people play videogames on their TV .
In 1709 , the Hotaki tribe of Afghans revolted and fully defeated the Shia Safavid Persians and then the Mughals of India in 1747 .
If it is put in water , the salt will dissolve , leaving the sand behind .
The Earth 's shape is an oblate spheroid .
In some religions , many people believe that they can please a god or spirit by killing or sacrificing another person .
While the settlement was growing in New South Wales , it was also growing in Tasmania .
Sometimes the ghosts in these stories exist because of some problem the person had during life , that was not solved before he or she died .
For example , they may write about a real or fictional person in order to show what they think a good person or a bad person is like .
The river can sometimes run through deep wide underground caverns .
The shape of the mouth depends on the conditions of the sea where it flows .
-LRB- Hemorrhagic means `` very heavy bleeding '' . -RRB-
Children are dressed up , and go from house to house begging for money .
Harder arithmetic includes working with signed numbers , fractions , and decimals , and taking powers and roots .
Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau invoked the War Measures Act , and 497 people were arrested .
Religious law is law based on religious beliefs or books .
One was to do things to improve the life of Romans in peacetime .
Irish and English sausages normally have a lot of `` rusk , '' or bread crumbs , and they are less meaty than sausages from other countries .
The metre is now officially defined as the distance light travels in a vacuum in 1\/299 ,792,458 th of a second .
Relations with names of parents and other relatives
About 825,000 Muslims live in Italy .
In many countries , the legislature is called a Parliament or Congress .
The peers sitting in the House of Lords are not chosen by the people .
Below is a list of questions split into groups .
In international sports , Australia has very strong teams in cricket , hockey , netball , rugby league , rugby union , and performs well in cycling , rowing and swimming .
More recently , telescopes and spacecrafts have led to discoveries of mountains and craters , and seasonal meteorological phenomena such as clouds , dust storms and ice caps on the other planets .
They swim upright and can be very thin .
An Institutionalist state can be made up of both Marxist and Pluralist people , both which have the power to control themselves and not influence the other parties of the state .
The OED can be accessed online -LRB- with a subscription -RRB- .
July 's flower is the water lily .
The heavy pressures keep the icy part of this surrounding mixture as solids , in spite of the large temperatures near the core .
For example , some people buy and sell land but are not interested in doing anything with it .
Articles in the Simple English Wikipedia use fewer words and easier grammar than the ordinary English Wikipedia .
There are two broad , artificial subdivisions of mammalian immune systems : the innate -LRB- or natural -RRB- and the acquired -LRB- or adaptive -RRB- .
Acceleration has its own units of measurement .
We would say that `` e '' is the mode of the distribution of the letters .
The city is at the head of one of the most beautiful canyons in the world , Waimea Canyon , whose gorge is 900 meters -LRB- 3,000 feet -RRB- deep .
There are three main types of rock that make up the Earth 's surface :
The capital of a country , for instance , is where the King kept his assets .
Today Armenia is much smaller than it was once .
The adjective is profane .
The Pope ordered a crusade against the Cathars in southern France .
The Cristal Palace can be found in this park .
Experimental physicists develop instruments and techniques for collecting data , drawing on engineering and computer technology and many other fields of technology .
There is a large economy for cooking in the world .
When many regimes negotiate at the United Nations or World Trade Organization , it does not matter at all how each regime got its power .
Jupiter has a magnetic field similar to Earth 's but 10 times stronger .
More 500 famous universities of China are located in Beijing .
Its birthstone is the topaz .
Only the United States have a larger one .
The potato plant is now grown in many different parts of the world .
The intensity of a sound is how much sound energy goes through a square meter in one second .
Most of engineering relies on linear time for risk analysis , economics on cyclic time like the business cycle , and biology explores rhythmic time especially in systems of animal communication .
Each religion usually has their own type of `` devotions '' when people worship or pray .
In the 1900s , costly fruit industries , where the apple was a very important species , began developing .
Computer engineering looks at the physical parts of computers -LRB- the parts that a person can touch -RRB- , and software engineering looks at the use of computer programs and how to make them .
Australian TV has produced many successful programs for home and overseas - including Skippy the Bush Kangaroo , Home and Away and Neighbours - and produced such well known TV stars as Barry Humphries -LRB- Dame Edna Everage -RRB- , Steve Irwin -LRB- The Crocodile Hunter -RRB- and The Wiggles .
Another thing we can say about a set of data is how spread out it is .
Thousands of other French citizens were also killed .
Scientists say that there are no real ghosts , but many people believe that there are .
1 .
MediaWiki is the name of the software that runs all of the Wikimedia projects .
Madrid was ruled by the Romans from the 2nd century .
Two people walk off a tennis court .
This is still happening today .
It does most of the ` thinking ' and tells the rest of the computer how to work .
We bake food by keeping it hot in an oven .
Public libraries have stories and books about lots of things .
The country 's new leaders ended the monarchy and made Afghanistan a republic .
Because of the climate and the soil , Denmark is a good place for agriculture .
Idioms are made of normal words that have a special meaning known by almost everyone .
During these days , there are special prayers at mosques in the morning .
Money is what people use to buy things and `` services '' -LRB- that is , to have things done for them -RRB- - and what they take for selling their own things or services -LRB- what they do for others -RRB- .
There are many events in Ramadan , Islam 's holiest month .
About 97.5 % of all water is salt water .
Most police departments have most of their officers in two main groups : a `` patrol '' group that has officers who wear uniforms , and a `` detective '' group that has officers who wear normal clothing .
Cosmic background .
A creative network , social network and power network are also contact networks .
A philosophy is a group of ideas , worked out by a philosopher -LRB- someone who has studied ways of thinking about the world -RRB- .
Half the bones in our body are in the foot .
For example , the molecular formula of sugar is C6H12O6 .
A fuel cell combines hydrogen with an oxygen molecule releasing an electron as electricity .
Because there is an atmosphere , however thin it is , the sky does change colors when the sun rises and sets .
Platonic realism -LRB- also called Platonism or Anti realism -RRB- is the philosophical idea that one must try to know about perfect things , even though you know that they do not exist and may not be able to be understood .
Nuevitas is a port city on the north coast .
The first official leader -LRB- Prime Minister -RRB- of India was Jawaharlal Nehru .
Some examples of `` minor planets '' are asteroids , comets , and trans-Neptunian objects .
From 872 to 999 Bukhara , Samarkand , and Balkh enjoyed a golden age under SÄ mÄ nid rule .
More recently Afghanistan has been devastated by decades of nearly constant warfare .
A value -LRB- or principle -RRB- usually means an abstract rule , one that can be seen to apply in many experiences , or can be applied by choice in a lot of situations .
Also a person 's bookshelves at home can have many books and be a library .
This tree split up in November 2009 and now the stoutest baobab could be Sunland Baobab -LRB- South Africa -RRB- with diameter 10.64 m and circumference of 33.4 m.
They are :
The state takes some of the earnings from the business companies and households , and uses it to pay for `` public goods '' like streets or university education , to be available for everyone .
Cuba also supported groups in South America fighting against the dictators of those countries .
After suffering these effects for two years , he committed suicide -LRB- killed himself -RRB- with an apple poisoned with cyanide in 1954 .
In statistics , these extreme values might be errors of measurement , but sometimes the population really does contain these values .
They can see which pages are not on someone 's watchlist .
For example , in much of Europe and Canada , people usually do not wear their shoes or boots in a home or visiting .
They spread out so that the leaves can get more sunlight .
With Google , people can also search for pictures , Usenet newsgroups , news , and things to buy online .
The Turing test is a test to see if a person can tell the difference between another person and a computer .
While China was never actually taken over , many European countries , such as Britain and France built spheres of influence in China .
The goldrushes of New South Wales and Victoria started in 1851 leading to large numbers of people arriving to search for gold .
Berries are small , sweet , liquid , bright colored fruits .
When Jesus prayed and talked to God , he called him `` Father , '' and taught others to do the same .
Scientists say that we should talk about things without talking about the supernatural , because we can not prove that supernatural things are real .
Xbox Live lets people play online against other people anywhere in the world .
6 .
With the Hubble Space Telescope , people could see things far away .
The latest estimates give distances to the Galactic center of 25 -- 28,000 light years .
More often it would be an adopted son .
It is made up of protons and neutrons .
Nevertheless , its predictions appear to be consistent with observations , so there is no reason to adopt another theory .
Plants are one of five big groups -LRB- kingdoms -RRB- of living things .
Other mammals are divided into the Marsupials and the Eutheria , the placental mammals .
Some new abbreviations have been created by scientists , by workers in companies and governments , and by people using the Internet .
`` To google , '' as an action word -LRB- verb -RRB- means `` to search for something on Google '' .
According to Dalton , in a compound , atoms of different elements always combine the same way .
It is sometimes called phytology .
In 2008 archaeologists discovered a bone flute in the Hohle Fels cave near Ulm , Germany .
To `` give false witness '' called lying , may include all lying , or only include lying in a court , called perjury .
The billions of other galaxies are just written as ` galaxy ' with a lowercase g. The term Milky Way first came out in the English language in a poem by Chaucer .
Some governments think the Internet is a bad thing , and block all or part of it .
People use abbreviations for words that they write a lot .
It is the only language to do that .
Either all French loan words should be left as they were , or they all should be changed .
It comes from England and it became part of almost every country that once belonged to the British Empire , except Scotland , and the Canadian province of Quebec .
The meaning for the birthstone pearl is health .
When someone makes a creation -LRB- like a book , movie , picture , song or website -RRB- , they can say how this creation should be used .
The person who gives the service can get money in return .
People believe that Colchester is the oldest Roman town in England .
Belgium is next to France -LRB- 620 km -RRB- , Germany -LRB- 167 km -RRB- , Luxembourg -LRB- 148 km -RRB- and the Netherlands -LRB- 450 km -RRB- .
Many of the explorers did not prepare very well , or else they went out to explore at the hottest time of year .
Die redirects here , for the game-playing objects , see dice .
After 360 years , spring -LRB- which usually begins on March 21 -RRB- would begin on December 21 -LRB- which is when winter presently begins -RRB- .
For plants , fruits are a means of dispersal , usually by animals .
In the 1960s many people began coming to Australia from China , Vietnam , Malaysia and other countries in Asia .
Language can also be changed , by adding new words , for example , to describe new things .
When a man has hair only below the lower lip and above the chin , it is called a soul patch .
The article is seen as the first paper in the history of graph theory .
Famous Austrian dishes are Wiener Schnitzel , Apfelstrudel , Schweinsbraten , Kaiserschmarren , KnÃ del , Sachertorte and Tafelspitz .
The vertebrates are animals with a backbone , or spine , and the invertebrates without .
However , for the learner , programmatic languages , with well-defined rules , are easier to start with than English .
Most of these religious beliefs involve a god or gods .
Today , this is called Enumerative graph theory .
Most religions and philosopies say that human life has a meaning -LRB- or a purpose -RRB- .
Often railway and road transport will be used .
Bears and wolves have been hunted nearly to extinction .
Its birthstone is the pearl .
Some are from the MediaWiki developers , while others are from programmers from all around the world .
The Quiet Revolution was a period of social and political change .
Religious law is often criticized by countries that are not ruled by a religious government , because it often has very harsh penalties for very minor crimes , and often results in the mistreatment of women and minorities .
First he wants to sort them out by color .
If a court decides that the other person was not allowed to use the trademark , they might have to pay a fine to the trademark owner .
In the past the Sami were nomads , but nowadays they live in regular houses .
Hair is something that grows from the skin of mammals .
Because of such policies , most countries did not consider the Taliban to be the legitimate , or lawful , government of Afghanistan .
English has long escaped from national custody .
Monotheistic means the people in these religions believe there is only one god .
The slope of a straight line is easy to work outâ '' it is simply how much it goes up -LRB- y or vertical -RRB- divided by how much it goes across -LRB- x or horizontal -RRB- .
Many adolescents and adults play sports with their friends .
Aloha is a Hawaiian word that has many meanings like welcome , hello and goodbye .
It is from Kings and feudalism that modern governments and nation-states came .
It is usually not used today for anything else .
Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available .
Most are very far away from the Sun , but some come near enough to Earth for us to see at night .
Last , but certainly not least , are the primates .
It was also suppressed in Northern France .
There are Natural sciences that study different parts of nature .
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun in the Solar System .
The conflict between two Muslim groups in Iraq had already led to other bombings .
The Spanish began to rule Cuba afterwards .
The biggest god of the Finns was Ukko .
Japanese people call their country `` Nihon '' or `` Nippon '' , which in Japanese means `` the origin of the sun '' .
For many ages , London was a small city and all its people fitted inside the walls that were built by the Romans .
A pair of binoculars is like a telescope for each eye .
With sunlight , water , and carbon dioxide , the plastids make sugars , the basic molecules needed by the plant .
William Wentworth established the Australian Patriotic Association -LRB- Australia 's first political party -RRB- in 1835 to demand democratic government for New South Wales .
The front cover must present the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and visible .
On the other hand , on Wikipedia , anyone can edit pages , but on Everything2 only those who can edit the writeup can edit pages .
In the US , the word city is often used for towns that are not very big .
When General Franco had died and democracy was restored , Madrid became more prosperous .
Beijing is the education center of People 's Republic of China .
People also blew into conch shells and made sounds that they liked .
Some things are treated as financial capital , even though they do have a use .
Since the acronym was first used in written form , there are different ways it is said ; both `` fak '' and `` F.A.Q. '' are commonly used .
Means to achieve these ends usually include advocacy of pacifism , non-violent resistance , diplomacy , boycotts , moral purchasing , supporting anti-war political candidates , demonstrations , and lobbying to create legislation .
Many people today know about American English even if they live in a country where another form of English is spoken .
Some people also have small beekeeping operations that they do as a hobby .
They have also been discovered somewhere else on the continent of Europe .
This makes the problem worse , so computer recycling happens a lot .
In the year 1992 Seville was the place for the Expo 92 .
Almost a third of the people in Europe died of it .
The voyage of discovery was very successful , because they found New Zealand and sailed right around it .
When the fruit breaks apart , the seeds can go into the ground and begin to grow .
Often the spoken lines would be made up by the actors for each performance .
For military service , men from the age of 16 to 49 years old must go to the army .
These ropes and drums were the language of the machine - they told what the machine did and when .
To plan a dance is called choreography , done by a choreographer .
September is the ninth month of the year with 30 days .
If the court or judge decides that the person really did it , then he or she might have to pay a fine or go to prison .
Then , we use their answers as the data .
The faculty of speech .
To die .
About 100 fall out each day , but they usually grow back .
Stealing is a basic crime , and is illegal almost everywhere .
Others may have been there before him .
This dynasty gave Beijing its name .
Use of a rope , helmet , and harness are the minimum requirements to ensure the safety of the climber .
For very dim sources , there may not be enough light particles coming from the source for it to be seen .
They join the religion because they choose .
Scarcity is called the `` basic economic problem , '' meaning that is always exists .
Ganymede is the largest moon in the Solar System .
The passage where the river flows is called the riverbed and the earth on each side is called a riverbank .
September begins on the same day of week as December every year .
E-mail is private and goes from one user to another .
Open content is when someone creates something and lets others copy it or change it without having to ask for permission .
So are many other groups of herbivorous mammals and many birds .
Lower plants such as moss and ferns produce spores .
It might not be the easiest way to say what it is , but it is used because it is exact .
A leap year has 366 days .
The population grew from about 3,000 to 60,000 people between 1666 and 1760 .
Before 1861 , it was made up of smaller kingdoms and city-states .
The simplest idea of government is those who rule over people and land .
There might not be enough water and minerals for all the seeds .
So the sentence being a lie makes it true .
Her husband is called a prince because he is the son-in-law , not the son , of the previous King .
The variable that is changed is called the `` independent '' variable .
A human typically has one head , nose , mouth , and navel -LRB- or belly-button -RRB- .
France has an important aerospace -LRB- design of aircrafts and spacecrafts -RRB- industry led by Airbus .
Sometimes thieves will come up with plans to rob a store , bank , house , or person , and sometimes they will just see a chance to steal something and take it .
They originated in Ancient Greece where they were performed at religious festivals .
We can say this as , `` Seventeen minus twenty-five equals negative eight . ''
For example , in the United States of America , the end of the calendar year on December 31 is the time limit for taxes , but the deadline for reporting is April 15 .
The people of Italy are the descendants of the ancient Romans .
It only went to Jupiter after it had finished its main mission .
Sometimes the whole system is compared to a symphony orchestra in your body .
Niihau is also known as the `` Forbidden Island '' .
Some people say that 0 is a natural number , too .
Quebec people held democratic votes in 1980 and 1995 to decide whether to leave Canada .
At last they sailed into a large open bay which was full of fish and stingrays which the sailors speared for food .
Most of the Australian colonies , having been settled from Britain , became mostly independent democratic states in the 1850s and all six combined as a federation on 1 January 1901 .
It is a part of mathematics .
The machine was imaginary , and ran a set of commands .
About 69 % of Indians speak an Indo-Arayan language , about 26 % speak a Dravidian language .
A great Pashtun leader named Ahmad Shah Durrani is considered the founder of Afghanistan as a united country .
Six U.S. wet pints are about five imperial pints .
This is because they burn up due to all the friction as they fly through it .
There is a lot of deuterium in seawater .
Because of this , many empire builders have conquered the area .
In 1931 , Karl Jansky discovered radio emission from outside the Earth when trying to isolate a source of noise in radio communications , marking the birth of radio astronomy and the first attempts at using another part of the electromagnetic spectrum to observe the sky .
In some parts of the world , different things have been used as money , like clam shells or blocks of salt .
A linear graph is drawn , equations stating x = ky is to be drawn on the graph line .
Vocabulary means a list of words .
It is a close family of dialects , some of which are as different as Romance languages are from one another .
Undeletion requests should be made at Requests for undeletion .
-LRB- behavior , growth -RRB- ; `` How does inheritance work ?
Mercury is even smaller , though it has a greater mass , than the largest moons in our Solar System .
If the extreme value of $ 1,000,000 is ignored , the mean is $ 57 .
The commandments have influenced Jewish ethics and law and , through Judaism and Christianity , Western ethics and law since the Roman Empire .
Most asteroids in our Solar System are in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter .
Italy is also a big wine producer .
Dr. Esther Sternberg , an expert in this field , believes that the body has its own internal way of restoring its balance and that doctors usually can not improve these .
A telescope is a more advanced kind of magnifying glass and consists of at least two glass lenses .
For information on creativity see practical creative ideas and tools
Other observations are not clearly answered by known physics .
Sport is an important part of Australian culture because the climate is good for outdoor activities .
For example , Coca-Cola and Coke are trademark names for a certain drink made by the Coca-Cola Company .
Its capital city is Yerevan .
If someone wanted to try to find out roughly how many words they knew , they could look at a page in a dictionary and count how many of those words they knew -LRB- counting things like â singâ , â sangâ , â sungâ , â singingâ as one word -RRB- .
Cliff Joslyn proposed a list of ways to find entropy in ways other than measuring heat as given off by a body .
Administrators , also called admins or sysops -LRB- system operators -RRB- , are users who can use special tools that help keep Wikipedia running smoothly .
We can also use like as `` for example '' : : I often go to other countries , like France or Germany = I go to other countries , for example France and Germany .
One way to tell how old a tree was is to count them .
Five new unusual moons discovered between 2002 and 2003 were announced in 2004 .
A river is a stream of water that flows through a `` channel '' -LRB- or passage -RRB- in the surface of the ground .
India is a peninsula , bound by the Indian Ocean in the south , the Arabian Sea on the west and Bay of Bengal in the east .
Any other attempt to copy , modify , sublicense or distribute the Document is void , and will automatically terminate your rights under this License .
Today , we know there can not be any such aliens .
This is not a problem for a word like `` hippopotamus '' , but a word like `` put '' has so many different meanings that a large dictionary may have a whole page or more to explain how it can be used .
A net is a kind of tool .
It should be noted that every major science , including physics , biology , and chemistry are all disciplines that originally were considered philosophy .
On the Simple English Wikipedia bureaucrats can also remove administrator status following a successful request for removal of rights -LRB- deadminship -RRB- , or in certain emergency situations for protection of the wiki .
Taking power over others is often also required to protect them , but also , one of the things being protected is their ability to do as they please , which this power interferes with .
Not everyone agrees about how science works exactly .
It is popular to play and watch golf .
Ethics is a more abstract study of right and wrong .
This provision has been criticized , because it is not always easy to include an entire , long license with a copyrighted work .
When the monsoon rains come late or not so heavily , droughts -LRB- when the land wears out because there is less rain -RRB- are possible .
The highest point on Earth is the peak of Mount Everest at 8,848 m above sea level .
If they are hungry their metabolism slows down dramatically .
They were famous for a belief in a form of reincarnation and believed that when someone died the bad god would put that person 's spirit in a new body .
They stop it by isolating people infected with the disease .

The Internet was created in the United States by the `` United States Department of Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency '' -LRB- known as DARPA -RRB- .
Supreme Court members have the power to stop a law being passed by Parliament if they think that the law is illegal and contradicts -LRB- opposes -RRB- the Constitution of India .
In order to understand an idiom , one sometimes needs to know the culture the idiom comes from .
With an orbital period -LRB- sidereal period -RRB- of 164.88 Julian years , Neptune will soon return -LRB- for discovery -RRB- to the same place in the sky where it was discovered in 1846 .
Special music is often used on special occasions .
The high mountainous Alps in the west of Austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country .
An adult who has studied at university or college may know at least 20000 words in their language .
This planet can be seen with the naked eye under perfect conditions .
Ulysses had no cameras so it took no photographs .
It is hard to say if this is true , since platonism is so basic in the Western culture .
Physiologists can study how parts or organs of an organism work with together to make things happen .
William Wentworth started the Australian Patriotic Association -LRB- Australia 's first political party -RRB- in 1835 to demand democratic government .
Mars is home to the highest known mountain in the Solar System , Olympus Mons .
One diagnostic feature is the lower jaw which , unlike earlier forms , is composed of a single bone , the dentary .
For example , there are encyclopedias of medicine or philosophy .
Corn , rice , fruit , cotton , hay , tobacco and sugar are some of the crops that are grown near old rivers .
The city is home to four major Universities , harbouring students from all parts of Canada and from all over the world .
Many peoples have their own cosmology that today scientists do not accept .
High amounts of black eumelanin result in black hair , while low concentrations give gray hair .
The month begins on the same day of the week as April every year and also January in leap years .
Some immune system responses can not be explained unless it is strongly linked to the nervous system , and the senses .
Hamilton Hume and William Hovell went south from Sydney by land .
Narrow ringlets existing in the broad Saturnian rings also resemble the narrow rings of Uranus .
This is one of the largest questions of philosophy and religion .
They form one of the world 's great ecozones .
Conditions like Athlete 's foot affect the feet , causing the feet to feel dry and cracked .
After the war , Australia became a close friend of the United States .
Many dishes that were once regional have proliferated in variations across the country .
Main industries are agriculture and tourism .
Convict transportation ended in the 1840s and 1850s and more changes came .
The meaning of the topaz is Fidelity .
In 1840 , the some city councils started and some people could vot .
With a molecular formula , you can write down the numbers of all atoms in a molecule .
It was very poor in 1936 when the Civil War was fought .
There are many rules as to who can become a CheckUser , and how CheckUsers have to behave .
This in turn creates deadlines for the accountant and those reporting .
By the 1820s there was a fine brick house for the Governor .
It was named after the war god -LRB- Mars -RRB- and the Romans thought that it was a lucky time to begin a war .
There were communists in Finland too , who tried to create a revolution in Finland .
Eastern Orthodoxy teaches that the incarnation of an invisible God as a visible human , Jesus , makes it permissible and necessary to venerate icons .
In a leap year , January , April , and July , all start on the same day of the week .
The Irish were mostly Catholic and the British were Protestant , so the Irish did not like British rule and often rebelled against it .
The last unit is based on the electron volt -LRB- eV -RRB- , which is usually used as a unit of energy .
The first example of such a use comes from the work of the physicist Gustav Kirchhoff , who published in 1845 his Kirchhoff 's circuit laws for calculating the voltage and current in electric circuits .
A `` Secondary Section '' is a named appendix or a front-matter section of the Document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the publishers or authors of the Document to the Document 's overall subject -LRB- or to related matters -RRB- and contains nothing that could fall directly within that overall subject .
Jupiter is the third brightest object in the night sky , after the Moon and Venus .
But the Aboriginal people did not own the land in that way .
Soap cleans very well in soft water .
When using a dictionary to find out how to say something in another language one has to be careful to choose the right word .
Further into the 20th century physicists went deeper into the mysteries of the atom .
Bodi obsik vÃ deliki govolÃ s obes adelo !
There are special times in which people recover even though the heart has stopped for 30 minutes , such as near-drowning in very cold water .
The person with the highest right to control and to command in a university is the rector , who governs the university with the help of the party of vice-rectors and of other organs such as the social council and the governing body .
But if it is a lie , how can it be true ?
She has an older brother , Chad , and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is .
The best theory available is Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity , which has passed all experimental tests so far .
People with Ebola hemorrhagic -LRB- bleeding -RRB- fever bleed very much .
France and the UK spend 40 % of the EU defense budget .
That is , paying for the safe and proper disposal when you pay for the product , and relying on those who sold it to you , to dispose of it .
Japanese names have two parts .
The body is a thing that can be hurt or killed .
This is just like using division to `` undo '' multiplication , or addition to `` undo '' subtraction .
When people catch a lot of fish , sometimes they kill all the fish or harm the spawning grounds and there are none left .
In France , Arago suggested that the new planet be called Leverrier , a suggestion which was met with a lot of opposition outside France .
In the modern world , many men shave part or all of their beards , or cut their beard so it does not get very long .
When people using the Internet think that something is very funny , they sometimes write `` LOL '' to mean `` Laughing Out Loud '' .
Major industries include automobiles , cement , chemicals , consumer electronics , food processing , machinery , mining , petroleum , pharmaceuticals , steel , transportation equipment , and textiles .
The name comes from the Italian salare meaning to make something salty .
The Ark usually has a curtain in front of it .
On February 11 , Vice President Omar Suleiman made an announcement .
The Bible does not number the commandments .
The word oil is used for many different kinds of liquids .
å -RRB- , a kind of dumpling which looks like the moon .
For example with the equation y = xÂ , we know that if x is 1 , then y will be 1 ; if x is 3 , then y will be 9 ; if x is 20 , then y will be 400 .
People can learn to play an instrument such as the piano , the guitar , the bass , the trumpet , the drums , or the tuba .
; Fuck A verb , meaning to have sex .
At the end of the pattern , the groups -LRB- Genera -RRB- are very small .
Other important crops are rice , coffee , and fruit .
We can fry food in a small amount of butter or oil in a pan or in a lot of oil in a pot .
This is because the crafts sent to Mars have found no trace of alien life , and what could have been bacteria were formed at temperatures too high for life to exist .
It has the chemical symbol He and atomic number 2 .
Some Jews call the synagogue a temple .
The main rivers are the Ganges , the Brahmaputra , the Yamuna , the Godavari , the Kaveri , the Narmada , and the Krishna .
The median solves the problem of extreme values as described in the definition of mean above .
The number that is made is called the `` dependent '' variable .
That means that the cool ocean winds keep it becoming hot , despite its being in the tropiocal zone .
Some groups have been critical of the use others make of images in worship .
A gravesite is a place where a person will be buried after they die .
It is also called the ` British Standard ' .
It is kept there by gravity .
A lot of land in Australia -LRB- like Uluru -RRB- has been returned to Aboriginal people , but in some places Aboriginal people want to get back control of land where other Australians are living , which is hard to deal with .
Those giant statues were destroyed by the hard-line ruling Taliban in 2001 , despite international protests in defense of the priceless art .
They discovered the functions of many organs like the liver , spleen , kidneys , heart etc. and were the first to discover the structure and functions of the lymphatic system .
Cave paintings from the Stone Age are found across India .
One of those records said there were many small countries -LRB- in Japan -RRB- which had wars between them and later a country , ruled by a queen , became the strongest and peace came .
The shared electrons are called ` bonds ' .
Both people and animals often live near rivers , because they need water to survive .
Fish is also widely eaten , especially on the west coast of Jutland .
It is a symbol which means that God is always there .
For instance if we have a square which has sides of 1 meter , the distance between opposite corners is the square root of two .
An new secret ballot was introduced in Victoria , Tasmania and South Australia in 1856 , allowing people to vote in private .
The Macintosh Operating System -LRB- Mac OS -RRB- is a program that allows a Macintosh computer to operate and be used by humans .
At the background , Japan continued to expand their influence and control of north and northeast provinces of China .
It is called the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- -LRB- also called Nationalist China or Taiwan -RRB- which is a country comprising the island of Taiwan and nearby islands -LRB- Pescadores islands and parts of Fujian -RRB- .
At that time , in England , women were not allowed to perform , so male actors would play female characters .
The river drains water from the Great Lakes into the Atlantic Ocean .
There are many different names for different kinds of sailing boats with different kinds of sails .
A person may tell their classmates , workmates and friends about their beliefs .
In 1869 scientist Dmitri Mendeleev published the first version of the periodic table .
Neptune and Uranus are often considered to be part of a sub-class of gas giant known as `` ice giants '' , given their smaller size and big differences in composition compared to Jupiter and Saturn .
In 1608 , he founded Quebec City as a permanent fur trading outpost .
There are also many other units of weight -LRB- mass with gravity pulling on it -RRB- : tonnes -LRB- t -RRB- , pounds -LRB- lb . -RRB-
Many farms that keep animals such as dairy cows , horses and sheep are found along mature rivers because the animals can drink from the river every day .
The vehicle thus has a single meaning which is transferred directly to the subject .
Televised sport is popular ; some of the highest rated television programs include the Summer Olympic Games and the grand finals of local and international football competitions .
When they started building the town they made street plans and called it Great Salt Lake City -LRB- for the nearby Great Salt Lake -RRB- .
When the vibrating air molecules reach our ears , the eardrum vibrates , too .
-LRB- However , less than 10 percent of these vehicles actually do go off road . -RRB-
That person will lose all but some basic things they own , but all the debt will go away .
The isotope of Hydrogen Hydrogen-1 has no neutrons , and a positive hydrogen ion has no electrons .
It is a deed by government that gives this right in the way that laws describe .
These were Pioneer 10 -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Pioneer 11 -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Voyagers 1 and 2 -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Ulysses -LRB- 1992 and 2004 -RRB- , Cassini -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and New Horizons in 2007 .
Shakespeare 's comedy plays include : Allâ s Well That Ends Well , The Comedy of Errors , A Midsummer Nights Dream , and Twelfth Night .
The nucleus is surrounded by a cloud of electrons with a negative charge which are bound to nucleus by an electromagnetic force .
It may or may not be true , but it is called `` derogatory '' language .
Someone who uses it is also likely using other jargon .
It is near the United States , Mexico , Haiti , Jamaica and the Bahamas .
There is a small US Navy base where a handful of Navy people work .
In the modern world , with many people and many big cities , these problems are becoming more serious .
Composers , such as Franz Liszt and Johannes Brahms used the piano to play loud , dramatic , strongly emotional music .
Some of these were the Mughal , Vijayanagara , and the Maratha empires .
A tree is a graph where there is only one path between two vertices .
During leisure time , people can do fun activities , family activities , or other non-work activity , such as hobbies .
Morality is what someone thinks or feels is good or bad .
These remains can include old coins , tools , buildings , and garbage .
as above .
There has been human settlement in the area that is now Austria for a long time .
Many people say people are driven to make art due to their inner creativity .
In a larger sense , peace -LRB- or peacefulness -RRB- can mean a state of harmony , quiet or calm that is not disturbed by anything at all , like a still pond with no ripples .
In 1995 , she became popular all over the world .
After a long period when England was divided into various kingdoms , it was finally made into one country by Ã thelstan -LRB- Athelstan -RRB- in 945AD .
; Pretending to masturbate Indicates something or someone is a waste of time , or performs poorly .
A common way to describe the spread of a set of data is the standard deviation .
The sweep of physics is broad , from the smallest components of matter and the forces that hold it together , to galaxies and even larger things .
Ethics is the part of philosophy that talks about good and evil .
Peaceful regime change is usually by an election - this method is now used by more than half the people on the Earth .
The tree form has changed separately in classes of plants that are not related , in response to similar problems -LRB- for the tree -RRB- .
The stamen is the male part of the plant .
Deltas are often places that are not good for towns or farms but are very good for birds and other wildlife and fishing .
Las Vegas has springs so people used to stop there for water when they were going to Los Angeles or other places in California .
Wool brought good money .
Some Protestants will allow pictures Jesus in his human form , while refusing to make any image of God or Jesus in Heaven .
Christians often disagree over this issue due to their differences in opinion on spiritual matters .
` Apple Day ' is celebrated each October 21 in many countries .
According to a still-more-restrictive definition , the Universe is everything within our connected space-time that could have a chance to interact with us and vice versa .
Spelling changes over time .
This is so that they can find new and easier ways to do things .
People 's hands and feet have the same shape : they both have five digits -LRB- the fingers and toes -RRB- .
Ebola can not be caught through the air .
The blue color comes from the methane in its atmosphere .
-LRB- See iconoclasm . -RRB-
But usually they were just thrown in gaol .
js or .
Theoretical physics sometimes creates models of physical systems before data is available to test and validate these models .
All cells must come from preexisting cells .
The Dutch called the whole area of New York `` Nieuw Nederland '' and they named a fort and town on the south end of Manhattan Island Nieuw Amsterdam -LRB- New Amsterdam -RRB- , after the capital city of the Netherlands , which was to become present-day New York .
A symbol for a binary number is made up of these two bit symbols .
In some countries -LRB- notably , France -RRB- a national committee can give advice and direction as to spelling .
They want workers to manage themselves and simply get paid for what they do , rather than getting paid in wages .
So people made machines that did those same things over and over .
People also build ovens out of clay or bricks .
Permission to reproduce content under the license and technical conditions applicable to Wikipedia -LRB- see below and : en : Wikipedia : Mirrors and forks -RRB- has already been granted to everyone without request by the authors of individual articles and images , at least unless they violated Wikipedia rules by uploading copyrighted material without authorization or under incorrect licensing terms .
Medieval cities that still have walls include Carcassonne in France , Tehran in Iran , Toledo in Spain and Canterbury in England .
If someone uses the trademark in a wrong way , the trademark owner can sue the other person .
The city also has a City Council that makes some local laws .
Oversighters can help fight vandalism this way .
Popular tourist sites include Waikiki Beach , Hawaii Volcanoes National Park , Polynesian Cultural Center , and the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor .
Most people do not grow their own food , so they have to buy food that was grown by someone else .
Many kinds of fish , clams , mollusks and other sealife live at estuaries .
Inside Wallonia is the area of the German-speaking Community of Belgium .
Human civilisation has led to increasing urbanisation â '' the growth of cities .
By the Renaissance , European powers started to take over other countries in Asia .
More than 3 million live in the city itself .
When mixed with water during bathing or washing , they help people and clothes get clean by lowering the chance of dirt and oil to get to the skin or fabric .
This was new because in the Middle Ages people would paint all the figures close up and just overlapping each other .
Many , especially those with darker and richer color , are collectors items .
In heraldry , black is called `` sable '' .
The Cathar `` Perfects '' , the so-called Good Men or Good Women , lived austere lives and spread their faith in towns - where the Catholics in general did not have their best agents .
The Nationalists -LRB- led by Chiang Kai-shek -RRB- fled to the island of Taiwan and set up their new capital city in Taipei .
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , usually shortened to the United Kingdom , GB or UK , is a sovereign state in northwest Europe .
A bottle is a small container used to carry liquids .
Biology looks at how animals and other organisms behave and work , and what they are like .
The symbol '' Ã -- '' is not used , because it looks too much like the letter x.
In this state the dancer -LRB- s -RRB- seem changed , in a trance , and are often thought of -LRB- by their society -RRB- as being ` possessed by spirits ' .
The oil is sent in special ships called tankers or in pipelines to factories called refineries where it is distilled into LPG , gasoline -LRB- petrol -RRB- , diesel fuel , and fuel oil .
Now , once again , new dance styles have arrived .
A fishing net is a woven trap usually used to catch fish .
The other , Lake Michigan , is entirely inside the United States .
In 1850 elections for legislative councils were also held in the colonies of Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
They have leap years when they add an extra lunar month .
KÃ momÃ d monargÃ n ola !
A 1775 invasion by the American Continental Army was stopped at Quebec City .
In other words , if the string theory loop oscillates in one way it becomes a different type of matter than if it oscillates in another way -LRB- these changes in oscillation can be hard to detect , as the `` strings '' are oscillating in at least 10 different dimensions -RRB- .
The nautical mile was originally defined as one minute of arc along a line of longitude of the Earth .
It is held outdoors in a courtyard or square close to the mosque .
They used maps of the stars for religious reasons and also to work out the time of year .
When people talk about things or events that lead to the death of a plant or animal , those things or events are usually described as being deadly , or fatal .
He founded few cities in the area and Greek culture and language continued to influence the people for a long period , right up to the Islamic conquest in the 7th century A.D. .
Only the person who created the writeup or someone who the website owners -LRB- called `` gods '' -RRB- choose can edit the writeup .
Most leaves of growing plants , such as trees and bushes , are green .
Water can be easily broken down into hydrogen and oxygen with electricity , but it takes a lot of electricity to get a usable amount of hydrogen .
And they might not , because many of our favorite sayings come from the Authorized King James Version of the Bible , and from Shakespeare .
The people agree to follow certain rules made by the government .
Jupiter is 11 times the width of Earth and 318 times as massive .
The period from 1970s onwards can be generalised that satellites were launched to be replaced with more accurate and better satellites , causing the sky to be mapped in nearly all parts of the electromagnetic spectrum .
That is so because the deserts attract water-filled winds from the Indian Ocean , which give rain when they come into India .
It has fought many wars since independence from Britain , including the ones in 1947 , 1962 , 1965 , 1971 , 1984 and 1999 with Pakistan .
They formed proper boundaries for their lands and worked with power within the state itself more , such as the Church or the nobility .
The International Security Force Assistance -LRB- ISAF -RRB- helps the government maintain peace and rebuild the country .
Joseph Rudyard Kipling -LRB- 30 December 1865-18 January 1936 -RRB- was an English author and poet .
All of the great ancient civilizations , such as Ancient Egypt , India , China , Greece , Rome or Arabia had works and styles of art .
The most common form of the disease is spread by a certain kind of flea , that lives on rats .
Certain animals that have the word fish in their name are not really fish : Crayfish are crustaceans , and jellyfish are Cnidarians .
A spruce seedling does not fit the definition of a tree , but all spruces are trees .
We call one point on this line zero .
There are many types of animals .
These plays were written to copy the style of the plays from Ancient Greece and Rome .
When archaeologists do fieldwork , they look for remains , often by digging deep in the ground .
It includes food , housing , etc.
; `` Up yours '' One turns a forearm horizontally , while swinging the other fist and forearm around it .
Japan began to write its own history after the 5th and 6th centuries , when people from Korea and China taught Japan about the Chinese writing system .
Women were given the vote in the Parliament of South Australia in 1895 and they became the first women in the world allowed to stand in elections .
The old City of London is only a square-mile in size but has its own Lord Mayor .
The city includes all of Manhattan Island and Staten Island , and the western end of Long Island .
The lowest natural point is the bottom of the Mariana Trench at 10,911 meters below sea level .
When William Herschel wrote his catalog of deep sky objects , he used the name spiral nebula for objects like the Andromeda Galaxy , but nebula is now only used for diffuse structures within a galaxy .
People who have foot , leg , and back problems can also get help from special shoes .
Uzbek and Turkmen are widely spoken in the north and Nuristani and Pashai are spoken in the east .
Many salamis are named after the city or region where they come from .
The people of Argentina vote for a President to rule them and Senators and Deputies to speak for them and make laws for them .
This term can often be used in other cultures to mean centers of higher education and higher thought , although their creation was often well before the Middle Ages .
People can also say it is a `` registered trademark '' or use the abbreviation `` Reg . ''
Jews had been expelled from Spain .
It is one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council .
They bought it from the Kingdom of Hawaii for $ 10,000 .
The high mountains have tall forests of pine and fir .
Many political parties have a set of ideas and beliefs -LRB- called its `` ideology '' -RRB- .
In the South of France there was tremendous religious fervor , and an economy that was starting to grow , and a social class of merchants and peasants was starting to grow .
= I think my house is good .
The meaning of the bloodstone is courage .
Probability is a part of mathematics .
Another important factor of common development of graph theory and topology came from the use of the techniques of modern algebra .
The United States is the only other country to use pints .
It also depends on the butterfat content , the species of bacteria and mold , and the processing including the length of aging .
As MediaWiki is more flexible , therefore many websites use MediaWiki rather than other types of wiki software .
92 of these elements can be found in nature and the human body is made up of 26 elements .
He discovered this by chance when he was shooting neutrons at a uranium atom , hoping to create a new isotope .
When the changes you make are more than just making the words correct , copyright is not kept ; this makes you a co-author .
Belgium is a federal country .
Some people think there are no right answers in philosophy , only better answers and worse answers .
A goatee is a beard formed by a tuft of hair under the chin , resembling that of a billy goat .
In 1892 an astronomer called E.E Barnard found a new moon using his observatory in California .
The population of Afghanistan is nearly 30 million , though this figure includes refugees who had fled to Pakistan and Iran .
A proper noun -LRB- also called proper name -RRB- is a name given to individual people , places , companies , or brands .
Even though Mars is really cold , it 's actually closer to the Earth 's temperature than any other planet in the Solar System .
But there were no houses and no fences .
An `` idiom '' can be slang , but it can also be a metaphor that becomes part of the culture .
When a user needs to use a computer for something different , the user can learn how to use a new program .
Households offer their `` factors of production '' to companies .
The Universe is old , and changing .
Corse has a different status than the other 21 metropolitan regions .
The borders of modern France are about the same as those of ancient Gaul .
Narita is the major international airport in the Tokyo area .
Letters would constantly go to and from Rome , both official and private letters .
Civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today .
The image below has two squares on top of each other .
Australians do not always agree about what to do about this .
India 's constitution was founded on January 26 , 1950 .
There is a big river called the Guadalquivir River which goes through Seville .
One is the family name and the other is the given name .
Now the nautical mile is defined as 1,852 metres .
Neptune has four rings which are hard to see from the Earth .
It is the biggest of Canada 's ten provinces .
This new technology has made us free from traditional limitations , and because of the new possibilities presented by these materials , many traditional methods of construction and ideas about style were reevaluated , replaced , or abandoned .
Cities usually get this because they have a special number of people or are important .
It has nuclear weapons , including active warheads , and also has nuclear power plants .
The Chinese Nationalist government -LRB- Kuomintang also called KMT -RRB- escapes to Taiwan after losing the war in 1949 when mainland China was under Communist control .
It can be medicines to make their blood pressure and blood circulation better .
He united the separate small Hawaiian kingdoms into one large kingdom in 1795 .
Apple juice and apple cider are apple drinks .
Napolitano is the eleventh President of the Italian Republic and he was preceded by Carlo Azeglio Ciampi .
The first and broadest sense of `` art '' means `` arrangement '' or `` to arrange . ''
Hanif is in both the father 's and son 's name .
A big advantage over nuclear fission , which is used in nuclear power stations , is that no waste is produced , and no toxic fuel like uranium is needed .
If the sentence is true , then it is a lie , as it says .
Let n be any number .
Maui is a volcanic doublet : an island formed from two volcanic mountains that are joined together .
With joy we watch you get better and better .
Mental is about how people think and feel .
They can also `` flag '' bots , which means to hide their contributions from the new changes and put them in the bot group .
A man 's thumb is about an inch wide .
Breakfast sausages are not cured or smoked like other types of sausages , which means that they have to be cooked soon after they are purchased -LRB- unless they are frozen -RRB- .
His solution influenced the development of theoretical chemistry .
The community contribution to these dinners is required .
Many islands will never be reached by bridges , because they are too small or too far away .
To the east is the island of Bornholm in the Baltic Sea , the only place in Denmark where the bedrock can be seen .
Modern desktop computers need an operating system .
These dances are done on certain occasions : marriage , war , famine , illness or death , and so on .
If the object gets slower , and the speed decreases , it is called deceleration , or negative acceleration .
People should choose an instrument that they enjoy playing , because playing regularly is the only way to get better .
In large groups , such as countries , some people may spend a lot of their time making such agreements .
Some areas of mathematics study the shapes of things .
They thought that the Earth stayed still at the center of the universe .
This means that dictionaries have to be updated .
One of the world 's longest bridges connects the eastern and the western parts of the country , and there is a large bridge to Sweden also .
It describes something that is here or nearby -LRB- `` This ball I am holding is red . ''
Gazelles , wild dogs , and wild cats such as the snow leopard are widespread .
Columbus found a land there that the people of Europe did not yet know .
Organic chemistry looks at things that have carbon in them .
They thought it had a set of spheres which corresponded to the fixed stars , the Sun and various planets .
In 1922 , a new Italian government started , and it was ruled by Benito Mussolini , the leader of Fascism in Italy .
A computer is a machine that changes information according to well defined rules .
A person usually has to pay some money to get a license .
She suggests that this may have had a symbolic meaning .
This should only be done if you are going to write about the part that was copied .
Archaeologists study every civilization that is known , especially the ones where there is no written history .
The orbit of a planet is the time and path it takes to go around the Sun .
However , a water molecule is actually made of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom , connected together .
First , they anchor the plant to the ground .
\* There is a type of movie called a dramedy , which is a mix of a drama movie and a comedy movie .
Main article : Theatre of Ancient Greece The first people we know created plays were the Ancient Greeks , about the year 500 A.D. .
Still others , as the Earth 's Moon , may be the result of giant collisions .
As a guide to the relative physical scale of the Milky Way , if the Solar System out to the orbit of Pluto were reduced to the size of a US quarter -LRB- approximately one inch in diameter -RRB- the Milky Way would be the size of the continental United States west of the Mississippi .
There is also the Indian cricket league and Indian premier league Twenty20 competitions .
The obsolete term `` sixth sense '' is used to mean empathy or telepathy , and was in use before kinesthetics was understood .
September 's flower is the Aster with the birthstone being the sapphire .
Other search engines -LRB- for example , AOL -RRB- use its software and information -LRB- database -RRB- too .
Some can not be found on earth and can only be made in labs , like rutherfordium .
There may be decorative tiles , plaster or colored mosaics on the walls .
One of the first examples of this was built by Hero of Alexandria -LRB- c. 10 â `` 70 AD -RRB- .
In the digital era , digitised pictures of the sky can be added together by computer , which overlays the images after correcting for movement .
The history of Australia begins with Aboriginal Australians who arrived here 60,000 years ago .
Profanity is the act of using rude words .
The first of these was completed in Great Britain .
France hosted the Summer Olympics twice , in 1900 and 1924 , in Paris .
Modern apples are usually sweeter than older cultivars .
Mosques organise iftar dinners after sunset .
The first historical mention of the word atom came from works by the Greek philosopher Democritus , around 400BC .
Then , the scientist can see how well his program sorts the cards .
The long , ribbon-like shape of an eel 's body shows another shape .
A trademark -LRB- or trade mark -RRB- is a way for a business to help people to identify the products that the business makes from products made by another business .
The Romans never ruled Scotland north of the Clyde-Forth valley , or Ireland ; their northern boundary varied from time to time , and was marked for a while at Hadrian 's Wall .
Iwans are spaces with an arched roof .
Experiments have been used for many years to help people understand the world around them .
can be very controversial .
A sport utility vehicle -LRB- SUV -RRB- is a type of vehicle that can carry lots of passengers , like a station wagon or minivan .
Its name comes from the fact that hair loss almost always follows the same pattern .
There are also printed encyclopedias , and encyclopedias in the computer , such as Wikipedia , the largest computer encyclopedia .
Over time , however , different combinations of letters became more common , resulting in the more standard spellings of words we see today .
Later Louis-Napol Ã on Bonaparte created the Second Empire in 1852 .
An example would be mixing sand and salt .
They exhibit no identifiable spectral features .
Ray sees this as proof of a conspiracy to keep information about Time Cube hidden .
This made Castro unpopular in America and the United States banned all contact with Cuba .
Many famous , important , and valuable works of art are in these museums .
According to Adam Smith and Auguste Comte , a slave was mainly defined as a captive or prisoner of war .
That is , three hundred -LRB- 300 -RRB- meters plus 120 meters .
They are often shorthand for common phrases and idioms , but they can show somebody 's emotions and their certainty .
Other kinds of oil are made from crude oil -LRB- petroleum -RRB- which comes from under the ground .
Dance is an art .
Something that is shaped like a cube is sometimes referred to as cubic .
For example the most common letter in English is the letter `` e '' .
It usually has a brown or pink skin and is white or yellow inside .
The nobles of Spain no longer had to fight anyone since the internal feuds were over .
A dead metaphor is one no-one notices because it has become so common in the language .
String Theory suggests that the universe is similar to a very big guitar .
However , on November 2 , 1994 , the Hubble Space Telescope did not see the Great Dark Spot on the planet .
For the history of Australia , see History of Australia .
â as an expression of surprise or annoyance is considered by many people to be blasphemy , mostly because one of the Ten Commandments says not to use the Christian god 's name `` in vain '' -LRB- without a good reason -RRB- .
Name awareness
An important difference is that human language has syntax , which is a set of rules for connecting words together to make statements and questions ; some other animals use syntax , but it is not as complicated as human syntax .
Red is the color that is on the outside edge of the rainbow .
The parents have the same family name .
They made and threw rice dumplings into the river .
A computer will answer these simpler questions much faster .
Muslims say the word Allah , which is the Arabic word for `` The God . ''
Believers in the Abrahamic religions believe that the Abrahamic God has created human beings in his image , but this idea is rarely taken literally .
Keratins are proteins , long chains of amino acids .
Andromeda Galaxy moves with a speed of about 1,800 kilometres per minute .
In 1939 the war started when Nazi Germany invaded Poland .
The Web contains websites , blogs , and also wikis -- including Wikipedia .
Names can be shortened e.g. Isabelle can become Izzy or Belle .
The thickness of the crust changes .
See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/ .
Most rock musicians , blues musicians , and folk musicians play `` by ear . ''
Idioms are not the same thing as slang .
Being `` at peace '' is considered by many to be healthy and the opposite of being stressed or anxious .
They fought wars for many hundreds of years , some of which were Crusades against other Christians like the Cathars .
People cut down trees to get wood to burn or to build houses , or to make a place to grow food .
It is divided into 20 fluid ounces .
The rest are just stamp collecting . ''
A European Disneyland is located in a suburb east of Paris .
Writers can also use a special system , for example , Basic English .
The result is a reading age .
It has a population of just over 100,000 and is 727 square miles -LRB- 1883 kmÂ -RRB- in size .
It used to be called Backrub .
The modern name `` France '' comes from the name of the Capetian Kings of France around Paris .
At least 55 million tons of apples were grown around in the world in 2005 .
Hydrodynamics is already useful in astronomy for mathematically modelling how gases behave -LRB- as gases behave like fluids -RRB- .
Australia 's capital city is Canberra .
The oldest reported age for an angiosperm tree is 2293 years for the Sri Maha Bodhi Sacred Fig -LRB- Ficus religiosa -RRB- planted in 288 BC at Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka ; this is said to be the oldest human-planted tree with a known planting date .
Different cultivars are available for temperate and subtropical climates .
It developed from Cayleys results , a scientific publication done by PÃ lya between 1935 and 1937 and the generalization of these by De Bruijn in 1959 .
A person can throw the coin into the air and catch it .
Commercial bananas and pineapple are examples of seedless fruits .
When the settlers looked west from Sydney , they saw a range of mountains which they called the Blue Mountains .
Some mosques will also hold meals in the morning before dawn .
It is also spelled kilometer .
On the album , Morissette sang songs about many different things .
According to the prevailing theory , a slight imbalance of matter over antimatter was present in the universe 's creation , or developed very shortly thereafter .
In British English , the spelling is licence .
There is more than 600 million tons of hydrogen undergoing fusion every second on the sun .
Andouille is a type of pork sausage .
Recreation or fun is a person 's time of refreshing his or her body and mind .
By the time the English came to New York , there were many other Dutch towns in what would become New York City , including Breukelen -LRB- Brooklyn -RRB- , Vlissingen -LRB- Flushing -RRB- , and Nieuw Haarlem -LRB- Harlem -RRB- .
Christianity is mostly about the life and teachings of Jesus Christ , in the New Testament and interpreted of prophesied in the Hebrew Bible\/Old Testament .
It is bordered by Paraguay and Bolivia in the north , Brazil and Uruguay in the northeast , and Chile in the west and south .
To enjoy life , to live wildly .
This includes the whales , seals , walrus , dolphins and others .
A leap year can always be evenly divided by four .
Some evidence suggests that this planet was catalogued as a star -LRB- 34 Tauri -RRB- before its confirmed discovery .
So the sentence being true makes it a lie .
It is designed to be run on a large server farm for a website that gets millions of hits per day .
The dry season is from November to April , and the wet season is from May to October .
In November 2006 , the International Labor Organisation said that it would prosecute members of the junta that rules Myanmar -LRB- also called Burma -RRB- at the International Court of Justice for `` Crimes against Humanity '' .
It was the first time a collision or crash between two Solar System objects had been directly seen by people .
Most atheists say that there is no such thing as a soul , and that the body is the only part of a person .
Word order is the other big difference .
For mosques in other areas , it has most commonly been taken that non-Muslims may only enter mosques if granted permission to do so by Muslims and if they have a proper reason .
Scientists figured out how to make and use digital computers in the 1930s and 1940s .
Classical physics normally includes the fields of mechanics , optics , electricity , magnetism , acoustics and thermodynamics .
As MediaWiki is a complex software , there would always be bugs in the software , especially for new extensions .
However , Earth is occasionally referred by the name of a Roman god : Terra .
The southwestern part of the country consists mostly of deserts , the largest being the sandy Rigestan .
About 70 % of Indians live on farms .
This is called global warming .
Food produced by farmers or gardeners can be transformed by industrial processes -LRB- the food industry -RRB- .
Mathematical Platonists also believe that numbers are not related to things in our universe , and that even if there was never a group of one million things that the number one million would still be a real number .
Some boots are high enough to protect the calves -LRB- lower part of the leg -RRB- as well .
The observation is first stored as data .
The police have different powers to help them do their job .
Language may be done by speech or by writing or by moving the hands to make signs .
3 -LRB- 4 -RRB- can also be used .
Arab-plan mosques were built mostly during the Umayyad and Abbasid dynasties .
Some forms of financial capital , such as stocks , gold or bonds are not wanted by everybody .
For example , most palm trees are not branched , the saguaro cactus of North America has no functional leaves , tree ferns do not produce bark , etc. .
It includes all kinds of physical matter and energy , the planets , stars , galaxies , and all the contents of space .
The other 10 % of the people in Japan live away from the coast .
Every time Britain was invaded , the new people brought new words .
Farming has always been one of the main occupations .
In Islam they are called mosques .
After the variable is changed the math operations in the equation are performed to make a number .
Peer review and repeating experiments are the only way to be sure the knowledge is correct .
`` License '' is a verb .
Human beings can not hear ultrasound waves and infrasound waves , but some animals , like bats and dolphins , use them .
Values that are very large or very small change the mean a lot .
It was sung as the national anthem for many years before the government made it official in 1980 .
A symbol can be an actual object , such as the cross -LRB- a symbol of Christianity -RRB- and the scepter -LRB- which symbolizes royalty and power -RRB- .
Chess , which comes from India , is also becoming popular .
The special taste of this sausage comes from the mild Spanish paprika in it .
5 .
That was just after an ice age , after a very thick layer of ice that was covering the ground , had melted away .
Andouille sausage first came from France or Germany -LRB- no-one is sure -RRB- , but the name indicates that it may have come out from France , and the most famous sort in the USA is the `` Cajun '' style .
Other harbors have port cities .
Or they can be extinct animals like other hominids .
The Moors built strong forts in Madrid in 865 and put a wall round the city .
His son , Philip II -LRB- 1527 â `` 1598 -RRB- moved the court to Madrid in 1561 .
However , the Chinese Civil War later started between the Kuomintang -LRB- Nationalists -RRB- of the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- and the Communists of the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- .
They also rowed dragon boats in the river to get rid of the fish .
The Soviet Union sent many troops across the eastern border of Finland to try to make Finland join them , which resulted in the Winter War .
The cell theory has three basic points : All living things are made of cells .
France is a member of the United Nations .
The best time of the year for outdoor activities is the months of May and June until midsummer .
Mosques , especially those in countries where Muslims are the majority , will also host Eid prayers outside in courtyards or town squares .
It is therefore useless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if the rules of operation of your company or school mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
This attempt at revolution caused the Finnish civil war .
Kohlberg said that moral understanding develops in three main stages as a person gets older , but Turiel said that there are three domains of moral understanding that develop at the same time as a person gets older .
Usually we cook the food in some kind of pot or pan .
During that time , China had bad relations with the Western World .
One technique that astronomers have for making it visible is using integration , -LRB- which is identical to longer exposures in photography -RRB- .
Not many people live in the desert .
In the Qur ` an Mohammed said that a person who helps others in the hour of need , and who helps the oppressed ; that person God will help on the Day of Travail -LRB- agony -RRB- .
The next great revolution in astronomy was thanks to the birth of rocketry .
The President can choose the Prime Minister , who has most of the power .
It has millions of smaller domestic , academic , business , and government networks , which together carry lots of different information and services .
When Voyager flew by Neptune in 1989 , powerful weather events were observed .
It is a single act opera , approximately five hours long with no intermission .
Being is something THAT IS .
The most common symbols are letters , which are symbols of words and sounds .
Instead it was a play in which all the problems work out all right in the end .
Consequently , newer SUVs are more like cars because buyers like it that way .
They only took up a small part of the roof near the mihrab .
There are many other diseases that cause it .
Part of the food is given by members of the community , which creates nightly potluck dinners .
Almost all of them are native Hawaiians .
There are many kinds of regimes .
: dummy elements : Jill likes to swim , so do I. : devices to order or ask questions : Get up !
In the New Testament , Jesus talked about who was guilty of breaking these commandments .
However , it was still not completely right .
But this is only an averageâ '' they may have been traveling faster at some times -LRB- on a highway -RRB- and slower at others -LRB- at a traffic light or on a small street where people live -RRB- .
Subtraction is the arithmetic operation for finding the difference between two numbers .
We can pick a group of people -LRB- called a sample -RRB- out of the total population of viewers .
People come to Las Vegas for vacation , many hotels have different themes and have shows and events to get people to come there .
Christians believe that God became a man named Jesus , and came to Earth to save everyone from sin .
Usually refers to someone with loose morals , or who gives in easily to others , or puts their own gratification ahead of more important things .
To stop believing in something or someone .
After a vote , the colonies joined to become one nation called the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
They do not know what happened to them .
These words usually do not go with other kinds of words like verbs or adverbs .
However , when writing in American English , grammar uses the rules of General American English .
The third is how the entire thing is folded up .
Not eating or using any animal products is called veganism .
Many comedy plays were written in the 1500s by the British writer William Shakespeare .
`` The universe does not tell us when we are right , only when we are wrong . ''
2 +2 i
In mathematics , dimensions are more general .
Picasso had said that the painting should never return to Spain until it was a democracy again .
Until 1901 , Australia was not a nation , it was six separate colonies governed by Britain .
A stream of charged particles called the Solar wind is constantly being sent off from the Sun .
When the North won , all slaves were made free .
Angelfish , surgeonfish , and butterflyfish are all compressed fish .
Many jobs require a knowledge of arithmetic , and many employers complain that it is hard to find people who know enough arithmetic .
Understanding ethics can help people decide what to do when they have choices .
An object has the same mass where ever it is .
Many large corporations have their main offices in Montreal .
It is used to find values and variables that make equations and inequalities true .
Many fruits come from trees or bushes .
On the other hand , Tyler Cowen , an Economist , says that other non-fiction writing may also have the same problems .
Artists study how to draw or paint the human body .
The models for spoken English in Britain are often called Received Pronunciation or BBC English .
In 1978 a Communist political party supported by the Soviet Union seized control of Afghanistan 's government .
It is known for sure that an early form of the Finnish language was spoken in Finland in the Iron Age .
In 1764 , New France was renamed the Province of Quebec .
These two cities remain highly autonomous .
It did things like build the Snowy Mountains Scheme .
To boil water is to make it hot so that it begins to make bubbles and turns into steam .
Also , if you send information through the internet , sometimes other people can read it even when they are not supposed to .
A few rulers got rich .
They are the tops of underwater volcanos .
Statues and pottery , as well as decorations made of jade , are some classic examples .
By tradition , believers make votive offerings in order to gain from that nature spirit , saint or goddess fulfillment of a wish .
The polymer used for plastic bottles , clothes and other things is at Polyethylene terephtalate A pet is a domesticated animal that lives with people , but is not forced to work and is not eaten , in most instances .
In 1930 and 1931 , February had 30 days in the Soviet Union because the government changed all the months to be 30 days long .
For someone else to use the creation , they need to get permission from the creator or pay a fee .
Aristotle saw God as a being that makes everything happen , but is not influenced by anything else .
They have a negative charge .
Legal requirements vary : the bottle itself may be considered simple property of the purchaser of the contents , or , the purchaser may have some obligation to return the bottle to some depot so it can be recycled or re-used .
Johnson 's dictionary was hugely influential , abroad as well as at home .
These are things that people feel very strongly about .
The area was made of a group of independent states , ruled by other countries -LRB- such as Austria , France , and Spain -RRB- .
Brazil also has the biggest number of Japanese descendents outside Japan .
There are two large holidays -LRB- Eids -RRB- in the Islamic calendar .
Though if an audience is able to connect with the emotion as well , then the art work will become publicly successful .
Comets were also known to end wars and thought to bring famine .
In 1989 , the Great Dark Spot , a cyclonic storm system the size of Eurasia , was discovered by NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft .
In the early 19th Century , they came from Ireland and Germany .
In 1959 , Fidel Castro led a revolution against Fulgencio Batista .
Gothic buildings have tall , pointed windows and arches .
Theatre breaks tend to include a nights hotel accommodation included in the price .
It can be used to refer to any object , although it is often used in reference to drugs -LRB- heroin or marijuana in particular -RRB- , music , or a person 's belongings .
A new society may be formed out of only those who still agree , or who just survive the collapse of an old failed one .
In 1914 , the First World War started in Europe .
It is a cereal grain that was first grown by people in ancient Central America .
The latest version is Adobe Illustrator CS5 , part of Creative Suite 5 .
The diameter of a circle is equal to twice its radius -LRB- d equals 2 times r -RRB- .
These rules are listed on the Oversighter policy page .
It complements the GNU General Public License , which is a copyleft license designed for free software .
If footwear is too big or small , it can be bad for the feet when the person wears the shoe because it can cause long term damage .
The density of atoms is about a single hydrogen atom for every four cubic meters of volume .
The fifth day of the Spring Festival is the day to welcome the God of Wealth -LRB- Chinese : è cents ç ç -RRB- , many people make and eat dumplings -LRB- Chinese : é å -RRB- , they believe that dumplings can hold the God of Wealth and bring luck to their selves .
This happens when two atoms share electrons .
That earliest division caused the present divisions between literary and scientific fields .
Modern computers have changed very much .
No-one in the British Government had thought very hard about what sort of convicts should be sent to make a new colony .
It is trying to do what the World Wide Fund for Nature -LRB- WWF -RRB- and National Geographic Society did for terrestrial ecoregions - say exactly what is alive on the planet .
Because of this , these forms of financial capital do not have a stable price .
Different words can be profanity to different people , and what words are thought of as profanity in English can change over time .
There were many small bays on the harbor so he decided on one which had a good stream of fresh water and some flat shore to land on .
This means not eating enough , or well enough .
They see that some human behaviors are like animal behaviors .
This is called Capital punishment -LRB- or the Death Penalty -RRB- .
They look at where it is different from or the same as other animals ' bodies .
Argentina is located between the Andes mountain range in the west and the southern Atlantic Ocean in the east and south .
In urban economics there are various ways to measure creativity - the Bohemian Index and Gay Index are two attempts to do this accurately and predict the economic growth of cities based on creativity .
Today 's economists can look back and understand why they made their judgements , and try to make better ones .
Different calendars add the extra month in different ways .
Indicates something or someone is a waste of time .
FAQ is an abbreviation for `` Frequently Asked Question -LRB- s -RRB- '' .
Many Australians disagree on what to do with these types of immigrants - some want to let them stay and live in Australia , others do not want to let them in and others are worried that more people will drown if the government just lets smugglers organise things .
In college , civics is usually called political science .
In other countries there are larger numbers of parties .
Places without government are where people follow traditions instead of government rules , small border disputed areas and the continent of Antarctica , because almost no people live there .
Nearly all modern computers use the stored-program architecture in some form .
The wild ancestors of Malus domestica are Malus sieversii .
He did the experiment to see if lightning was made of electricity .
A conceptual metaphor or cognitive metaphor is a metaphor which refers to one domain -LRB- group of ideas -RRB- in terms of another .
Death is usually followed by rituals like the funeral , which have been developed by a religion or the state .
The imperial pint is still used to measure amounts of beer in the countries of the old British Empire , and milk for the United Kingdom .
This is called scarcity .
Some of these things can still be seen today .
They are called `` autonomous cities '' and have simultaneously the majority of the power of an autonomous community and also power of provinces and power of municipalities .
Most species of trees today are flowering plants -LRB- Angiosperms -RRB- and conifers .
Around this time , many new immigrants came into New York City .
Some are very common , like oxygen .
Most of Finland is covered by pine forest .
But its government was very weak .
`` The rule of law '' , wrote the ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle in 350 BC , `` is better than the rule of any individual . ''
A parody or spoof movie makes another movie , series or person look silly to make people laugh .
It may depend on the context , or the words around it .
People may buy food and take it home to cook it , or buy food that is ready to eat from a street vendor , or in a restaurant .
The Standard Model of particle physics thinks that mass is caused by the Higgs field .
This mass-energy appears to consist of 73 % dark energy , 23 % cold dark matter and 4 % ordinary matter .
Also , they brought Christianity .
In other cultures , a person has a two-part name , such as `` John Smith . ''
During each night of prayers , one member of the community who has memorized the entire Qurâ an will recite a part of the book .
Permanent snow falls in Helsinki in early December -LRB- in Lapland it can fall already in October -RRB- and in the winter the temperature can be -30 Â C. The winter usually lasts to mid-March when the snow melts away in Helsinki -LRB- in Lapland the snow usually melts away in early May -RRB- , and spring to late May .
Factors of production are work , ground , capital , information , and environment .
There can be more than one mode .
The main job of a Marxist state is to protect capitalist-made profits and to help people make contracts to keep economy in the state fair .
Firearms training teaches that the use of a firearm is only when lives are at risk .
This is a process that continues even today ; psychology only split in the past century .
The Simple English Wikipedia is also for people with different needs , such as students , children , adults with learning difficulties and people who are trying to learn English .
The month has 31 days because the Roman senate wanted as many days as Julius Caesar 's month July .
The pint is the name of a unit of liquid measurement in some countries .
Therefore , Wikimedia has create a bugzilla website for people who meet a bug to tell the developers of MediaWiki .
Other well-known open content licenses are the Creative Commons licenses .
The highest point is Mount Waialeale , at the center of the island , 5,148 feet -LRB- 1,570 meters -RRB- above sea level .
In physics , Special Relativity shows that the mass of an object becomes bigger when the object moves very fast .
January 's flower is the carnation with its birthstone being the garnet .
This means that other people are allowed to copy it and change it if they want .
In all big democratic countries , parties are very important .
Since they did not travel much , this was a `` good enough '' way to explain the world they actually lived in every day .
Almost 7 million visitors -LRB- mainly from the American mainland and Japan -RRB- go there every year to enjoy the special island holiday found only in Hawaii .
The most famous English Dictionary is the Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- or OED -RRB- .
Philosophy helps people to understand the world and the way people act and think .
For example , oxygen atoms always have two bonds with other atoms , carbon atoms always have four bonds with other atoms , and nitrogen atoms always have three bonds with other atoms .
At the end of the Middle Ages , people in Europe thought math and engineering were more important .
In the early 1990s , France received criticism for its underground nuclear tests in French Polynesia .
Every equation can be solved using only complex numbers .
In most atoms the first shell has two electrons , and all after that have eight .
Loudness is how people sense the intensity of sound .
Scientists are trying to find a vaccine for Ebola .
This was to make the calendar match the rest of the world .
The latter group profits from the gained manoeuvrability that is needed when living in coral reefs for example .
; Cunt A vagina .
There are beautiful parks , famous buildings , art galleries and concert halls .
Thieves steal things sometimes because they want to have something for themselves , or because they want to sell something for money .
Therefore mathematicians invented a number .
The earliest recorded evidence of the making of soap-like materials dates back to around 2800 BC in Ancient Babylon .
Works of art are more or less harmonic and bring pleasure , a sensation of beauty .
One of the most important jobs that computers do for people is helping with communication .
India is a founding member of the World Trade Organisation -LRB- WTO -RRB- , and has signed the Kyoto Protocol .
The first to actually prove there were transcendental numbers was Joseph Liouville .
If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering more than 100 , you must either include a machine-readable Transparent copy along with each Opaque copy , or state in or with each Opaque copy a computer-network location from which the general network-using public has access to download using public-standard network protocols a complete Transparent copy of the Document , free of added material .
They made it a crime to own slaves .
It has a special group known as the Partner Solutions Organization -LRB- PSO -RRB- which helps make contracts , helps making accounts better , and gives engineering help .
In recorded history , various cosmologies have been proposed to account for what people saw in the sky .
In 1855 , the right to vote was given to all men over 21 in South Australia .
Dublin is the capital city of the Republic of Ireland .
Japan surrendered and gave up all the places it took from other countries , accepting the Potsdam Proclamation .
When the Document is included in an aggregate , this License does not apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves derivative works of the Document .
Regardless , China has brewed some of the most renowned artists including Wong Fei Hung -LRB- Huang Fei Hung or Hwang Fei Hung -RRB- and many others .
Children have a special period , from about 18 months to about four years , which is critical for learning the language .
Clerke took command of the ship after Captain Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay on February 14 .
The Harlem River forms the border between Manhattan and the Bronx -LRB- except for a small part of Manhattan that is on the mainland -RRB- .
A license is usually written but it does not have to be .
It will explain how it is pronounced .
A wealthy empire always has enemies .
In modern times many cities have grown bigger and bigger .
Tajiks are the direct descendants of the Iranian peoples .
Pure twelve-tone music was popular among academics in the fifties and sixties , but some composers such as Benjamin Britten use it today , when it is necessary to get a certain feel .
If this is seriously disrupted , then their language skills will be damaged .
He could use punch cards to tell the loom what to do , and he could change the punch cards , which means he could program the loom to weave the pattern he wanted .
This is known as `` stored program architecture '' or von Neumann architecture .
A person who works with computers will often need math , science , and logic in order to make and use computers .
Herd immunity for instance is acquired by organisms living close together sharing minor infections all the time .
Some parents block parts of the Internet they think are bad for children to see .
The astronauts would be in space for many years , and it could be very dangerous because of radiation from the sun .
Food safety and hand washing can lower the risk of getting diarrhea .
There are several different versions of string theory as well .
The technique he used mainly focused on listing all graphs which had certain properties .
The high yearly rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountain .
In the 1800s , John Stuart Mill developed the `` liberal '' idea of politics .
In 1813 Gregory Blaxland , William Lawson and a 17 year-old called William Charles Wentworth crossed the Blue Mountains and found land on the other side which was good for farming .
With kings and emperors , a big problem is the succession .
Local princes in the north soon became feudatories of the powerful SÄ mÄ nids , who ruled from Bukhara .
Two very small countries are located within Italy .
Knowing the â contextâ the word is being used in may make it possible to guess what it means .
yz is the most usual form of writing the product of y and z in algebra .
They are usually fried or grilled in a pan until they are browned and served at breakfast , often with cooked eggs , pancakes , and toasted bread .
The Christian Bible talks about God in different ways .
Some countries make extreme-right parties illegal -LRB- such as Vlaams Blok in Belgium -RRB- .
p275
There are many different sciences with their own names .
It often has spices in it and is covered in a casing .
Some people study what people think about their body .
Spanish is the language most people speak and the official language , but many other languages are spoken .
The zones and belts often interact with each other .
Jargon can be used by a clique to prevent others from joining or understanding , but it also is often just used because it is shorter .
Today , they come from Puerto Rico , Haiti , the Dominican Republic and Colombia .
There are also Taiwanese Aborigines who lived on Taiwan before the Han came to live there .
Most of the New York city population since the 1990s belongs to ethnic groups that are minorities in the US .
Rarefaction is the part of the waves where the molecules are far away from each other .
Physicists usually only use the word `` acceleration '' .
A 0.000000000001 W\/m2 intensity is 0 dB -LRB- decibels -RRB- .
A river begins on high ground or in hills or mountains and flows down from the high ground to the lower ground , because of gravity .
Some articles use only Basic English -LRB- 850 words -RRB- , but this wiki has no strong rules about which words can be used , as E Prime does .
Google is one of the biggest and most famous websites for finding things -LRB- search engine -RRB- on the World Wide Web -LRB- WWW -RRB- .
With abstract algebra and universal algebra , it is hard to see how studying them helps solve problems , but with linear algebra it is much clearer .
So they put together computers .
Many Middle Eastern immigrants who were Muslims converted to Catholicism , but there are still Muslims as well .
The second important chain of mountains in Italy is the Apennines -LRB- Appennini in Italian -RRB- , which are in central and southern Italy .
Sachs divides early dances into ` Imageless dances ' and ` Image dances ' .
There are many rivers in France , including the Seine and the Loire .
Some types of comedy movies mix comedy with other types of movies .
Philosophers , theologians and others have tried to prove that it exists , others have tried to show that it does not exist .
In books , a character -LRB- Usually Fantasy , or Science fiction -RRB- has some sort of supernatural powers .
A person may also be referred to as a Fuck .
One of the earliest was the á Ä hirids of KhorÄ sÄ n , whose kingdom included Balkh and HerÄ t ; they established virtual independence from the Ê AbbÄ sid Caliphate in 820 .
Muhammad said , women should pray at home , not at the mosque .
Acceleration is the change of velocity divided by the change of time .
The system of underground railways in London , known as the Tube , has been copied by many other cities .
If a substance contains more than one type of atom , it is a compound .
The abbreviation for the metre is m. The first meaning -LRB- in the French Revolution -RRB- , it was 1\/10 ,000,000 th -LRB- one ten-millionth -RRB- of the distance between the Earth 's equator and the North Pole along the Paris meridian .
People eat chorizo without cooking it , or they fry it in oil .
Asteroids may look like small stars in the sky , but they really do move around the Sun , while stars only seem to move because the Earth spins .
The World Health Organization is the most important group that tries to stop Ebola outbreaks .
Currently , the Earth is the only planet in the Universe known to have things living on it .
For this reason , there are a number of rules about the correct behavior in a mosque .
As of February 11 , 2011 , the country is being run by the military .
In Greek philosophy , science and medicine , these make up a whole .
It is arguably Kipling 's most famous poem .
In some countries , SUVs often have diesel engines .
Several of these words come from Anglo-Saxon or Norse names for body parts , and bodily functions .
Even later -LRB- 100 BC â '' AD 1100 -RRB- , other Indian dynasties -LRB- empires -RRB- came , including the Chalukyas , Cholas , Pallavas , and Pandyas .
He became friends with German dictator Hitler , and Mussolini followed him into World War II .
James Clerk Maxwell proved that light is a type of electromagnetic wave .
You may include a translation of this License , and all the license notices in the Document , and any Warranty Disclaimers , provided that you also include the original English version of this License and the original versions of those notices and disclaimers .
This is often in the center of the courtyard .
Mathematicians often use deduction .
In philosophical terminology , such arguments are about the epistemology of the ontology of God .
Computers have helped people move forward in science , medicine , business , and learning , because they let experts from anywhere in the world work with each other and share information .
Scientists made a lot of digital computers , and as they did , they figured out how to ask them the right sorts of questions to get the most out of them .
A soapbox is a temporary platform used to give a speech .
Australians had started parliamentary democracries all across the continent .
However despite economic growth , India suffers from poverty .
Seeds usually have some way to get to new places .
After the September 11 attacks , several American mosques were targets of attacks .
; Own cake A term for a woman 's vagina .
At this time , much of the continent shares some rulership in a body that is above any country , called the European Union .
They needed , and got , wheat from Egypt , tin from Britannia , grapes from Gaul , and so on .
The highest courts usually have the power to remove laws that are unconstitutional -LRB- which go against the constitution -RRB- .
Canada 's capital city is Ottawa .
According to one theory , at least two gene pairs control human hair color .
This is called `` tossing a coin '' .
Some think the first people in Finland already spoke a language that is related to Finnish that is spoken today .
Its capital city is Cairo .
Economics is the study of how people make choices to get what they want , when they can not get everything they want .
In the United States people often wear shoes inside a home .
Even today , many Danes spend much time near or at the sea .
The contents of Simple English programs are much easier to understand .
It has mostly been replaced by languages like Esperanto , Interlingua , and Ido .
The general one is for people who want to do other training or want to get work experience .
It is the world 's fifth largest country .
They do not think that ethics can be studied using the scientific method and they think it is closer to metaphysics .
The new word `` bling '' came from hip hop .
There are many others .
The larger -LRB- or better known -RRB- towns include Kahului , Wailuku , Lahaina , Hana , and Wailea .
Above the unknown inner core is an outer core .
For nearly a decade anti-Communist Islamic forces known as mujahideen fought the invaders .
Rousseau wrote a book called The Social Contract .
That was when they took away the Pope 's power .
It is not known what the earliest music of the cave people was like .
The so-called ` Mountain ash ' .
The continent of Australia , including the island of Tasmania , was separated from the other continents of the world many millions of years ago .
The word `` glasses '' is often used to mean eyeglasses .
Adults do not learn languages the same way they did when they were young .
Dogs , cats , fish , birds are the most common pets in North America .
These turned out to be similar to some -LRB- but not all -RRB- of a type of bright source in X-rays called a Low Mass X-ray Binary .
The noun is often written as a single word , while the verb is two words .
The capital of Austria is Vienna -LRB- Wien -RRB- .
Many fields of science do tests or measurements .
In 80 BC , the Kingdom of Armenia covered parts of what is today Turkey , Syria , Lebanon , Iran , Iraq , Azerbaijan , and , of course , Armenia .
More mixtures of methane , ammonia , and water are found in the lower areas of the atmosphere .
Now there are many types of salamis made in some countries .
E pardolÃ s obes debis obsik , Ã s id obs aipardobs debeles obas .
This is an irrational number .
Danish hams and cookies are exported throughout the world .
It explains the unique ability of the mammalian immune system to ` remember ' previous infections and mount a rapid and robust reaction to secondary infections .
They are often built in a style that has stayed the same for many centuries .
Also used as a verb , meaning to complain -LRB- `` they bitched about the problem '' -RRB- .
Also , some creditors continue to bother a debtor even though bankruptcy laws say they should not , hoping that the debtor will pay them money they might not otherwise get .
In a baby it is the most common symptom of malnutrition .
All the main objects in the Solar System formed at the same time , as part of the same process -LRB- see Age of the Earth -RRB- .
Exceptions are rare , but they do happen and are difficult to predict .
An earlier 10th century Bulgarian heresy , Bogomilism and also Manichaeism started some of these trends .
However , if it was because of malnutrition , it will not save the child 's life .
Studies have shown that trees contribute as much as 27 % of the appraised land value in certain markets .
English has been changing for centuries , adding new words to its vocabulary .
JenomÃ z vil olik , Ã s in sÃ 1\/4 l , i su tal !
Jehovah 's Witnesses criticize the use of all of the above , as well as the use of the cross .
The capital of Brazil is BrasÃ lia , a city planned and built from 1957 to 1960 .
2 .
Since the other Wikipedias already have so many articles , most Simple English articles take articles from other Wikipedias and make them simple ; they are usually not new articles .
A large area of chemistry is polymer chemistry .
A lot of this crusade was not so much about faith , at least not for the church , but monetry greed and political dominance the church considered Catharism as a rising fly in their ointment -LRB- `` the little foxes ruining the vineyard '' -RRB- a major threat to their overall control of the holy empire .
After this , he looks for the second card , and so on .
In the 1850s the Earl of Cavour was the Head of Government of the `` State of Sardinia '' .
Some examples of proper nouns are : London , John , God , October , Mozart , Saturday , Coke , Mr. Brown , Atlantic Ocean
Also used as an offensive term to describe something as `` nonsense '' .
Only the maker , who owns the copyright , can change it to another license .
In midwinter , a fast is celebrated .
In Europe , in the Middle Ages , being a city was a special privilege , granted by nobility .
Fires , cars , and factoriescould make a lot of smoke come out of different places , especially in cities .
If someone were turned in as a heretic , his property was taken by the church .
There are also `` low fat '' margarines , which contain even less fat .
Apples are also made into the drinks apple juice and cider .
This is shown as km\/h .
The country is quite flat .
Most often we collect statistical data by doing surveys or experiments .
Compression is the part of the sound waves where the molecules of air are pushed -LRB- compressed -RRB- together .
Las Vegas officially became a city in 1911 .
Shakespeare often wrote plays set in Italy or in exotic , far-away places that would be interesting to London audiences .
These laws were learned from thousands of years of experience and they are as true today as they were 2000 years ago .
; Hell The underworld , or a place of punishment in the afterlife for evil , according to many religions .
A general model for any year and diameter is :
Only about one fifth of the population lives in cities .
At that time the first people moved to the land now known as Austria .
There is a variety of interpretations of these commandments :
Australian Aboriginal music is very special and very ancient : it has the famous digeridoo woodwind instrument .
That is how viruses work , and once inside their genetic material takes over the host cells .
In many countries throughout history , religion and religious books like the Vedas , Bible or the Koran have been a major source of law .
These peaks are apparent when both groups are combined .
They developed the best army in the world at that time , and ruled by force .
For example -5 times -3 is 15 .
The Rule of Law prevents dictatorship and protects the rights of the people .
Egypt has been an independent country since 1922 .
Proteins form an important part in foods like milk , eggs , meat , fish , beans , and nuts .
Bottles can be many different sizes .
1989 was notable for the government killing thousands of protesters with tanks in Beijing .
Because idioms can mean something different from what the words mean it is difficult for someone not very good at speaking the language to use them properly .
He went with two ships up the coast and sailed into a great harbor which he said was `` the finest harbor in the world ! ''
A metaphor very often uses the verb ` to be ' : `` love is war '' , for example , not `` love is like war '' -LRB- that is a simile -RRB- .
You may not copy , modify , sublicense , or distribute the Document except as expressly provided for under this License .
France also conquered many overseas possessions in the Americas , Africa and Asia .
All fish are covered with overlapping scales , and each major group of fish has its own special type of scale .
French cuisine was introduced in the 20th century by Georges Auguste Escoffier -LRB- 1846 â `` 1935 -RRB- .
In addition , hydrogen atoms can combine with carbon atoms to form hydrocarbons .
They built larger cities .
It is also both a feminine symbol , bearing sustenance ; and a masculine , phallic symbol - another union .
This number is the same for every circle .
The members of Parliament belong to political parties : the biggest parties are the Labor Party , the Conservative Party and the Liberal Democrats .
Governments do things such as :
In the United States , there have been many class action suits that are effectively product stewardship liability - holding companies responsible for things the product does , which it was never advertised to do .
The new observations seems to puzzle our understanding of Neptune 's rings into a lot of confusion .
For works in formats which do not have any title page as such , `` Title Page '' means the text near the most prominent appearance of the work 's title , preceding the beginning of the body of the text .
The word baroque probably derives from the ancient Portuguese noun `` barroco '' -LRB- citation needed -RRB- which is a pearl that is not round but of unpredictable and elaborate shape .
MESSENGER made one more pass by Mercury in 2009 , and is now orbiting the planet to complete the mapping .
This shark 's shape is called fusiform , and it is an ovoid shape where both ends of the fish are pointy .
The government of France is a semi-presidential system determined by the French Constitution of the French fifth Republic .
The Universe appears to have no net electric charge , and therefore gravity appears to be the dominant interaction on cosmological length scales .
London is also known as Lunnainn in Scottish , Llundain in Welsh and Londain in Irish .
A tree is a tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood .
The commandments passage in Exodus has more than ten imperative statements , there are 14 or 15 in all .
A person who studies history is called a historian .
Today , Platonism is mostly considered a philosophy of mathematics but not of science or reality in general .
Uranus has 11 rings which are hard to see from earth .
SUVs are shaped like a big station wagon .
Then the experience is repeatable and others may repeat it afterwards .
An experiment is used to test a theoryâ '' to see how well the real world matches the theory .
Where a river flows out to the sea , it sometimes flows very slowly through sandy or muddy land , making lots of little islands as it flows .
Countries with small Muslim populations use mosques as a way to support civic participation .
X-ray Astronomy is the study of the Universe in the X-ray part of the electromagnetic spectrum , especially those sources which are much brighter in X-rays than in visible light , including white dwarves , neutron stars and black hole\/neutron star binary systems .
As a river flows towards its mouth , the countryside around the river often changes from hilly to flat .
Someone 's vocabulary is all the words that he or she knows .
The laws written by the party or faction with the majority of votes become adopted by the country , so this means whatever party is elected to over half the seats , gets to run the government .
People first came to Finland 10,000 years ago .
Most have a very strong boot sole , the bottom part of a boot .
Spain went similarly .
The waves were first thought to be alien in origin because the pulses were so regular that it implied an artificial source .
Normally they can not easily borrow money again for years .
The executive selects ministers , or secretaries of state to control departments such as the health department or the department of justice .
Healing is a process that happens in the body .
Dark matter slows the expansion of the Universe .
; Grabbing one 's own crotch Also an invitation to `` bite me '' , or to perform oral sex in a servile way .
Several missions have been planned to send spacecraft to Jupiter 's moons Europa and Callisto .
Water is all around an island .
It tells how the country 's leaders are to be chosen and how long they get to stay in office , how new laws are made and old laws are to be changed or removed based on law , what kind of people are allowed to vote and what other rights they are guaranteed , and how the constitution can be changed .
Most union territories are ruled by administrators sent by the central government .
In the 18th century , there was doubt over who should become king of Spain ; this doubt led many of the kings of Europe to fight to become king of Spain .
However , others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
According to the Hebrew Bible , the Ten Commandments were rules for life given by God to the People of Israel on Mount Sinai .
The rest of Denmark includes 76 islands people live on , and many tiny islands .
If the Document already includes a cover text for the same cover , previously added by you or by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of , you may not add another ; but you may replace the old one , on explicit permission from the previous publisher that added the old one .
February 's flower is the violet and its birthstone is the amethyst .
For example , in some other languages , nouns do not change for singular and plural , and sometimes there is no word for the .
But some people still grow most or all of their own food .
Just to be clear , dark matter and energy have not been detected directly -LRB- that is why they are called ` dark ' -RRB- .
For many Muslim people , a mosque is more than a place of worship .
In 1986 several bone flutes were found in Jiahu in Henan Province , China .
After colliding , the moons probably broke up into many particles , which survived as narrow and optically dense rings only in strictly confined zones of maximum stability .
In this way , it resembles `` noise '' , the background signal that pervades every instrument that tries to do astronomy .
Of course , people can write original articles ; these could be put in both this and the main Wikipedia -LRB- with a normal level of English -RRB- .
France has invested a lot in nuclear power .
Example : `` My name is Leonardo . ''
The temperature on Uranus is â ' 197 degrees C -LRB- 79 K -RRB- .
Physics is more quantitative than most other sciences .
Important exports are sugar , pineapple , macadamia nuts , and coffee .
Almost all Afghans follow the religion of Islam .
They were pacifists .
-LRB- classification , taxonomy -RRB- ; `` What does this living thing do ? ''
Sometimes it may not be easy to decide if a word is understood .
Religious art comes in all shapes and sizes , from tiny pieces of jewellery to huge statues and paintings .
Seamus Heaney is a well-known writer who was born in Northern Ireland .
Most plants grow in the ground , with stems above , and roots below .
The 19th century is called the Romantic period .
When the Europeans came to South America in the 1500s they took the potato back to Europe .
A Nigerian study has found that more than 800,000 people are slaves , almost 8 % of the population .
It is in the state of New York , which is located in the northeastern United States .
One organization that was set up to bring peace among the nations and try to make war a thing of the past was the League of Nations after World War I. When it failed to stop World War II , it was replaced by the United Nations which tries to make the world peaceful by standing for collective security between all the members .
The rules are important for Judaism and Christianity .
It is requested , but not required , that you contact the authors of the Document well before redistributing any large number of copies , to give them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the Document .
In order to grow a certain type of apple , a small twig , or ` scion ' , is cut from the tree that grows the type of apple desired , and then added on to a specially grown stump called a rootstock .
The area where a police officer can use these powers is called jurisdiction .
In a synagogue , Jews do the Jewish services , which are prayers , sometimes with special actions .
Some may even be harmful .
Nauru is the smallest republic in the world .
Dimensions in mathematics might not measure things in the world .
They think that ethics should use the scientific method to study things that people think are good or bad .
If they disagree or have a different suggestion , the person who first suggested the idea will usually discuss with the other people and find a good conclusion that satisfies both and is good .
It covers the analysis and use of concepts such as right , wrong , good , evil , and responsibility .
The name `` planet '' is from the Greek word Ï Î '' Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Î Ï -LRB- planetes -RRB- , meaning `` wanderers '' , or `` things that move '' .
Traditionally , liberal politicians do not mind this kind of trading for profit , but socialist or conservative politicians are against it .
Armenia touches Turkey , Georgia , Azerbaijan , and Iran .
The popularity and success of the Baroque style was encouraged by the Roman Catholic Church which had decided at the time of the Council of Trent that the arts should communicate religious themes in direct and emotional involvement .
But a year is not a leap year if it can be evenly divided by 100 , but can not also be evenly divided by 400 .
Las Vegas , also known by a shorter name , Vegas , is notable for its liberal policies on activities such as drinking and gambling .
People buy them because they look good , even though a small car might be less expensive and more practical .
The planet was visited by only one spacecraft , Voyager 2 on August 25 , 1989 .
People pray in rows parallel to the qiblah wall .
Ozone absorbs ultraviolet radiation from the Sun .
This paradox is not just true in English but in any language powerful enough for a sentence to make a claim about itself .
Australia 's democracy meant that both sides could say what they thought and did not have to fight if they did not want to .
The Sun is the closest star to Earth , around 92 million -LRB- 92,000,000 -RRB- miles away so it is the easiest to look at in detail .
In 1758 , the British attacked New France by sea and captured the French fort at Louisbourg .
Programmers know this computer 's language , and use it to write programs that tell the computer what to do .
In 1759 , British General James Wolfe defeated General Louis-Joseph de Montcalm outside Quebec City .
Only the areas around the east , west and south coast have enough rain and a suitable climate -LRB- not too hot -RRB- for many farms and cities .
The part of the potato that people eat is a tuber that grows under the ground .
The Empire was divided into provinces , each with a provincial governor plus civil and military support .
It created rivalry with the UK and limited the influence of the new Eastern European members .
For this reason , other facilities may also be available at the mosque , like health clinics , libraries and gymnasia .
This would be the same as the Jewish interpretation of the statement as `` you shall not kidnap '' -LRB- e.g. as stated by Rashi -RRB- .
All rings of Uranus show azimuthal brightness variations .
The month of May might have been named for the Roman goddess Maia , or more likely the Roman goddess of fertility Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
So if a person trades cows for wheat , he might have a hard time arguing over how much wheat each cow is worth .
We can use like for `` the same as '' or `` nearly the same as '' : : This cheese sandwich feels like rubber = the sandwich is difficult to eat , nearly the same as rubber .
Mathematics and computer science use created languages called formal languages -LRB- like computer programming languages -RRB- , but these may or may not be ` true ' languages .
For example , Wikipedia used to be using Nostalgia .
Australia was also one of the first places in the world where women could vote .
Others believe they have felt ghosts near them .
Civics is the study of government .
The corners of one are the classical elements .
It can be made from vegetable oil , or animal fat .
When the first European people went to America , they gave the name `` city '' to new places .
These methods are called number systems .
About 160 000 convicts were brought to Australia from 1788 until 1868 .
In some cultures , a name changes when people marry , divorce , go through some religious ceremony , etc. .
People are best at hearing sounds between 1000 Hz and 6000 Hz .
Jewish worship can be done alone or with less than ten people assembled together aswell .
Atoms combine to make molecules or particles : for example , two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom combine to make a water molecule , a form of a chemical reaction .
Madrid had now become the capital of a very large empire .
Psychologists who have studied it include Lawrence Kohlberg and Elliot Turiel .
One of the most famous and productive problems of graph theory is the four color problem : `` Is it true that any map drawn in the plane may have its regions colored with four colors , in such a way that any two regions having a common border have different colors ? ''
The world tree is also an important part of Mesoamerican mythologies , where it represents the four cardinal directions -LRB- north , south , east , and west -RRB- .
This problem could be solved without algebra .
A freezer could be warm if it was turned off or left open .
Great civilizations like the Ancient Egyptians built large temples and structures , like the Great Pyramids of Giza .
Later in the 19th century , they came from Italy , Russia and Eastern Europe .
Some existing acronyms , such as `` AFK '' -LRB- To mean `` Away from keyboard '' -RRB- and `` IRL '' -LRB- To mean `` In real life '' -RRB- were used on bulletin board systems before the Internet became popular .
If we did move to a hydrogen economy where could the hydrogen come from ?
He was tried and convicted of this crime in a British court .
After reviewing the documents , some historians now think that Adams does not deserve equal credit with Le Verrier .
That year , Italy finally came back together .
Mercury 's density is the second highest in the Solar System at 5.427 g\/cm Â , only a little bit less than Earthâ s.
Things that have been made by people are said to be man-made or called an artifact .
Examples of animals living in solitary are tigers , rhinoceros , cheetahs and more .
The U.S. Census Bureau in 1890 had hundreds of people doing just that .
The people of Denmark have always depended on the sea .
Relations with names of parents and other relatives
Some mosques also do not allow wearing shoes in other parts , even though these may not be devoted to praying .
The Spanish ruled for many years .
Since some articles need more than 2,000 different words , some complex articles use more words .
Some people write stories or make movies about beings from other planets .
Many people came to Australia from China , Vietnam , Malaysia and other countries in Asia .
Someone writes a book and want to sell it .
The name was later used for Greece .
This meaning is not used as much as it used to be , but is still seen in phrases like `` Continental breakfast '' -LRB- rolls with cheese , jam etc as distinct from an `` English breakfast '' which is a cooked breakfast -RRB- .
Japan is a group of islands in the Western Pacific , off the coast of China .
Nouns are grouped into common nouns , and proper nouns .
There are three main ideas that are useful for understanding economics .
A paradox is a sentence in logic that can not be true but also can not be false .
A constitution sets limits on the powers of government leaders , police , and other people who have authority .
This is because a lot of it comes from African and Spanish rhythms .
At that time , Celts began to form the first states .
The Irish became so dependent on the potato that when the crop failed in 1845 there was a famine and many people starved to death .
Biology is the science of life and living things , like plants , animals , fungi -LRB- such as mushrooms -RRB- , and bacteria .
One of them is called God paradox .
Well-known Abrahamic religions include Judaism , Christianity , and Islam .
In the southern part of Jutland , a German minority speaks German .
Like Uranus , the source of this heating is unknown , but the differences are larger : Neptune is the farthest planet from the Sun , yet its internal energy is strong enough to create the fastest winds seen in the Solar System .
The letters and symbols in algebra are called variables .
The extra day is added to the month of February .
just as astronomers refer to various extra-solar `` Jupiters . ''
Marxism rejects the idea that a state is there for all the people living in it , and is definitely not a neutral place for settling arguments .
Applied mathematics uses mathematics to solve problems of other areas such as engineering , physics , and computing .
Some children have more than one native language like when they live in a foreign country or when their father speaks a different language from their mother .
February is the second month of the year with 28 days in most years .
In 1167 Cathar bishops met to discuss organizing a counter Church - in the South of France , the Langedoc nobles protected it , and many noble women became `` Perfects '' .
Every type of number written above is also a complex number .
Many farms in richer countries are very large and can cause damage to the world we live in .
To use bot rollback , you type in the URL http://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special:Contributions&target=Example&bot=1 replacing Example with the user name , and then you can rollback changes and hide them from the recent changes along with the rolled back edit , but this should only be used for large amounts of vandalism , like with a vandalbot .
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
It uses words , not literally , but figuratively .
A right angle is an angle with a measurement of 90 degrees .
Apples can also be made into drinks .
The flowers are white .
His plays were very popular and are many are still performed today .
However , he noticed that instead of a new isotope the uranium simply changed into a barium atom .
The other might say `` Marco was a bad king . ''
In many countries a company or business can `` file for bankruptcy protection '' so that creditors can not destroy all of the physical capital and goodwill by breaking it apart and moving it away .
The city is situated on the river Pregel .
Margarine is used in many baked products .
You can also visit the location of the 1967 World 's Fair , where today , as well as many other attractions , one will find the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve Formula One automobile race course .
5 .
Illustrations on vases show helmet-like masks , covering the entire face and head , with holes for the eyes and a small aperture for the mouth , plus a wig .
Samples of this bacteria are carefully controlled .
In the south of India , many people speak Kannada , Telugu , Tamil and Malayalam .
Overseas Chinese is a group of people who are Chinese but are not living in or under the government of the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan , Penghu , Kinmen , and Matsu -RRB- and the People 's Republic of China -LRB- Mainland China , Hong Kong and Macau -RRB- .
Asteroids are the leftover rock and other material from the formation of the Solar System .
Most mosques in the United States , for example , report receiving non-Muslim visitors every month .
Mammals are warm-blooded ; they regulate their body temperature .
To make Japan surrender , the United States dropped two atomic bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , killing 150,000 Japanese citizens .
Capital goods are goods which are necessary for producing other goods .
In the Italic or ` Romance ' languages -LRB- such as French , Italian , Spanish -RRB- , word endings carry a lot of meaning .
In each one , the one word looks like the opposite of the other word .
10 % are from other religions or do not have an opinion about religion .
This city was destroyed by Mongol forces in 1215 .
They enjoyed watching races between chariots pulled by horses , and fights between men using weapons -LRB- gladiators -RRB- .
Neptune 's second known moon -LRB- by order of distance -RRB- , the odd moon Nereid , has one of the most unusual orbits of any satellite in the solar system .
Sometimes `` classical music '' is used to mean any art music that is not `` pop music '' , but in the History of Music , the term `` classical music '' means music from the late 1700s and the first years of the 1800s .
Some religious buildings are great works of architecture .
Google uses this word because the company wants to make lots of stuff on the Web easy to find and use .
As for French children 's literature in those times , Charles Perrault wrote stories such as `` Little Red Riding Hood '' , `` Beauty and the Beast '' , `` Sleeping Beauty '' and `` Puss in Boots '' .
If is a word to describe a statement where one thing depends on something else .
They were free from British rule and would not take England 's convicts any more .
Aboriginal art started at least 30,000 years ago and there are lots of Dreamtime stories painted on walls and cut in rocks all around Australia .
These four are called the Galilean moons , because they were discovered by the Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei .
The constitution declares the nation to be `` an indivisible , secular , democratic , and social Republic '' .
Now Spain is a modern democratic country , and does business with many countries around the world .
It is used as a possible way of explaining how some things work ; it is very hard for scientists to prove everything , or answer every question that they can imagine by using just one theory on its own .
Nokia -LRB- the mobile company -RRB- is originally a company of Finland , named after a small town called Nokia .
Captain Cook went home to England and told the Government that no-one owned the land .
Mars does not have any water on the surface now , except at the poles , but most scientists think it used to have water .
For example , a music box is a machine that plays the same music over and over again .
Up to this point , buildings were limited in size and style by the strength of the wood and masonry used to construct them .
They came to the islands sometime between 200 and 600 AD .
Italian explorer Giovanni da Verrazano found the entrance to New York Harbor in the year 1524 and English explorer Henry Hudson named the Hudson River in 1609 .
Many people find the site to be difficult to understand .
Proof that the rings are incomplete first began in the mid-1980s , when stellar occultation were found to rarely show an extra `` blink '' just before or after the planet occulted the star .
An embedded computer is a computer that does one thing and one thing only , and usually does it very well .
Jazz musicians use instruments such as the trumpet and saxophone -LRB- formerly clarinet -RRB- .
Because we can not prove whether these things are real , people often disagree about these things .
It is smaller than a star , and it does not make light .
Brazil has the world 's largest rain forest , the Amazon Rainforest .
The government still faces problems with the Taliban , internal security , and public services .
Massachusetts Bay Colony printed paper money in the 1690s , and this time , the use became more common .
Animals eat proteins and break them down into amino acids in order to recombine them into other things needed , including other proteins and other amino acids .
The legislature of a state or country is a group of people , each of whom got his or her office either by winning an election or by being appointed , to vote for the best laws .
Death is the end of life in an organism .
The most popular sports in Finland are ice hockey , skiing and track and field .
Notes and coins are inconvertible money .
That means about 63.55 grams of copper metal has a mole of atoms .
Biology has many research fields and branches .
Spain has fifty smaller parts called provinces .
Other ingredients are added and the cheese is usually aged for a short time .
The rate of this spatial expansion is accelerating , based on studies of Type Ia supernovae and other data .
It follows that language is not just any way of communicating .
In modern science , people use other dimensions .
The United States produces more than 7.5 % of the apples around the world .
In 1927 , the Chinese Civil War started , which was fought by the Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek and the Communist leaders .
A person might have printed material such as books or leaflets that they give to other people to read .
Cayley linked his results on trees with the contemporary studies of chemical composition .
Arborists are very aware that established trees will not tolerate any appreciable disturbance of the root system .
Plato thought it was the job of the philosopher to look for reflections of these perfect things in our universe and to teach others about what they found .
There are Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Joseph Haydn , Franz Schubert , Anton Bruckner , Johann Strauss , Sr. , Johann Strauss , Jr. and Gustav Mahler .
Hawaii is an archipelago ; a long chain of islands .
It is 17 times heavier than Earth and is a little bit heavier than Uranus .
When some parties get a lot of power , they can make all other political parties illegal .
The city is known for its dry climate , as is the rest of Southern Nevada .
They farmed crops such as beans , corn , squash , and yams .
Besides being easier to carry than cows , using money had many other advantages .
Its government is divided into three branches : the Legislative -LRB- the one that makes the laws , the Parliament -RRB- , the Executive -LRB- the government -RRB- , and the Judiciary -LRB- the one that makes sure that the laws are obeyed , the supreme court -RRB- .
Common law had its beginnings in the Middle Ages , when King John was forced by his barons to sign a document called the Magna Carta .
Trees can vary very much .
Many projects try to send working computers to developing nations so they can be re-used and will not become waste as quickly , as most people do not need to run new programs .
In modern China , most Chinese people do not write the traditional way .
However , Opportunity rover has found a rock formation on Mars which suggests that the rocks might have been in salt water once .
Older coins normally cost more than newer ones , but rarity matters more-some coins from the 1920s cost vast sums , while some Roman coins cost very little .
The law `` you must wear a helmet on a motorcycle '' makes sure that people protect themselves .
Biotic sources would include insects which might bore into the tree , deer which might rub bark off the trunk , or fungi , which might attach themselves to the tree .
It is also a member of the World Trade Organisation -LRB- WTO -RRB- .
The city of Seville is the capital of the Spanish region called Andalusia and of the province of Sevilla .
Some tree climbers take special hammocks called `` Treeboats '' and Portaledges with them into the tree canopies where they can enjoy a picnic or nap , or spend the night .
The people of Cuba come from three different groups .
Most encyclopedias go from A to Z.
Art makes us think about it , not about reality ; we have a rest .
Algebra can be used to solve real problems because the rules of algebra work in real life and numbers can be used to represent the values of real things .
Most open content licenses say that when others change the work , they must also declare it to be open and under the same license .
Use of names , titles , nicknames , etc.
In 1973 , Patrick White won the Nobel Prize in Literature , the only Australian to have achieved this ; he is seen as one of the great English-language writers of the twentieth century .
The main ones are Pluralism , Marxism and Institutionalism .
It is also famous for its wine industry .
Nowadays , this does not exist .
Modernism is the name for the architectural style which developed because of these new building technologies , and its beginnings can been seen as early as 1890 .
This is a human rights problem in very many countries .
Because they are so small their actual shape does not matter much when we are looking at larger objects .
It tries to say what type of change it is and how big it is using functions at the exact moment at which the change is taking place .
The radius of a circle is a line from the center of the circle to a point on the side .
The coastal plain is made up of mainly of sand dunes and polders .
He had methods for everything .
Discovery of the red shift showed that the Universe is expanding -LRB- see Hubble -RRB- .
Of the rest 8.9 % who are immigrants or descendent from recent immigrants , many come from South Asia or the Middle East .
Our citizens come from all over the earth and we watch over you to keep you safe .
An institution is one name for an organization .
The Henty brothers had come from Tasmania , had built themselves a house , had a successful farm and fed the Major and his men on roast lamb and wine .
When humans build factories and power plants to make electricity , combustion is involved .
Lots of famous composers lived at this time such as Franz Schubert , Felix Mendelssohn , Frederic Chopin , Johannes Brahms , Pyotr Tchaikovsky and Richard Wagner .
It is estimated there are almost 180,000 lakes in Finland .
Cuba is a country in the Caribbean Sea .
Before the 4th century BC , Greek astronomers thought that Mercury was two different objects : one able to be seen only at sunrise , which they called Apollo ; the other that was only able to be seen at sunset , which they called Hermes .
For example , radio messages sent from Earth may never reach some regions of space , even if the Universe would exist forever ; space may expand faster than light can traverse it .
For example , elements to the top and far left of the table are the most metallic , and elements on the bottom right are the least metallic .
However , Finland did not have its own army .
Classical music is usually performed in concert halls , but sometimes huge festivals are organized in which it is performed outside , in a field or stadium , like pop festivals .
Picasso painted this painting to show how sad and angry it made him when the German Nazis destroyed a town in Spain called Guernica in 1937 .
Sometimes the change in velocity is written as Î '' .
Rituals are an important part of the tradition of many religions .
The fourth is whether it 's working with other proteins .
France is also a founding member of the United Nations , and a member of the G8 and NATO .
In addition to these well-known rings , there may be numerous optically thin dust bands and faint rings between them .
Early astronomers used only their eyes to look at the stars .
Since the 20th century there have been two main types of astronomy , Observational and Theoretical astronomy .
It can usually be drunk safely by people unless it is too dirty because of mud or human pollution .
4 .
The people who live in the city are called Sevillanos and there are almost a million of them : 700,000 .
For example , ten tens is the same as ten times ten , or one hundred .
People who are known for acting in comedies are comedians or comedic actors .
Common icons are the World tree , for instance Yggdrasil , and the tree of life .
A kill is also the act of shooting down a fighter aircraft .
But politics can also be seen in other groups , too , such as in big companies , schools and churches .
The resort opened in 1992 and is also a popular tourist destination in Europe .
Since the dawn of the ` space age ' in the 1950s and the discovery of extrasolar planets in the 1990s , the models have been adjusted to account for new observations .
The Greek classical elements are fire , air , water , and earth .
The chemical composition of the ring particles is not known .
Science is a way to get knowledge by discarding what is not true .
It is estimated that up to one-third of all wood resources of the European Union are in Finland .
Administrators can also hide revisions of a page from public view by deleting them .
Some languages are made up so that a lot of people around the world can learn them , without the new languages being tied to any specific country or place .
These have names such as :
Multiplication between numbers is said to be commutative - when the order of the numbers does not influence the value of the product .
The binary number 101 is the same as the decimal number 5 .
This footwear has special names , for example sandals , shoes , and boots .
They also influenced each other .
The physicist J.J. Thomson was the first man to discover electrons , while he was working with cathode rays in 1897 .
In 1855 , limited self government was granted by London to New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
Paris area is expanded First , France is divided into -LRB- administrative -RRB- regions .
The Seventh-day Adventists and other churches disagree with some of these views .
For example , carbon has the chemical symbol ` C ' , and sodium has chemical symbol ` Na ' , after the Latin natrium .
Several lines of evidence also suggest that a rapid cosmic inflation of the universe occurred very early in its history -LRB- roughly 10 â 35 seconds after its creation -RRB- .
Later observations showed that Uranus was moving in an irregular way in its orbit , making some astronomers think of another large body being the cause of the irregular motions of Uranus .
These chefs developed a lighter style of food compared to the food of the middle ages .
They found the skull of a Neanderthal , or early human , as well as tools from about 30,000 years ago .
The most ancient cross-cultural symbolic representation of the universe 's construction is the ` world tree ' .
Most people use coins as currency .
For example , by using integer coordinate points for a big r. Since the area A of a circle is Ï times the radius squared , Ï can be approximated by using :
Several other gene pairs control the light versus dark hair color in a cumulative effect -LRB- quantitative genetics -RRB- .
Theatre -LRB- British English and also American English -RRB- , or Theater -LRB- American English only -RRB- , has several meanings .
In the Neolithic age people were living there to dig for mineral resources , especially copper .
It has houses or apartments for many people to live , shops where they may buy things , places for people to work and a government organization to run the city , and to keep law and order in the city .
In most democratic countries , the executive is elected from people who are in the legislature .
Many word definitions are different in American English .
They are ordered by how close they are to the Sun , nearest first .
This made people slowly accept the idea that Earth moves around the Sun and that the planets have the same physical laws that control Earth .
In July 2007 Australia had just over 21 million people .
This has its origins in Creation , when God made the Earth for six days , and stopped work on the seventh day .
In 1911 a country , the Republic of China was founded by Sun Yat-sen -LRB- Sun Zhongshan - å ä å -RRB- .
Theories which attempt to explain these data are produced .
The executive suggests new laws and deals with other countries .
Plants use the water to make food .
Isaac Newton also studied comets .
After the war , Australia became a close friend of the United States .
It is worth emphasizing that those distant regions of space are taken to exist and be part of reality as much as we are ; yet we can never interact with them , even in principle .
The idea that living things order the universe is called the anthropic principle .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada .
This will happen three different times , also with a fourth in which it will come very close to being at that position .
Their influences were not appreciated by local or Roman Church figures .
For example , money is a form of financial capital .
He told people that computers could run different programs .
Words which should not be used are taboo words .
You must show respect to the people who wrote what you are copying by saying they did this work .
Also , they are big and stiff , and they have high bumpers , so when they hit another car , the other car and its passengers can be severely damaged .
Once it is listed , no one else can use that trademark for those products .
Usually , scientists think of matter as being made of very , very small particles .
Uranus completes its turn around the Sun in 84 earth years .
It may provoke feelings of anger in the individual at how a black box can sell for so much money .
One side wanted to make China like Soviet Union , whereas the other side wanted to keep China in its current state at the time , which caused chaos and lots of people died in the Chinese Civil War .
Because of this , we say they were not programmable .
f is short for function , so this equation means `` y is a function of x '' .
In 1905 Albert Einstein used mathematics to prove that the seemingly random movements were down to the reactions of atoms , and by doing so he conclusively proved the existence of the atom .
In the late '60s and early '70s , PRC is even more isolated after the Sino-Soviet Split .
At first , these domes were small .
However , Muslims are expected to do their Friday prayer at the mosque .
Cells are the small parts that make up all living things , and their effects on each other and their environment .
The first musical instrument used by humans may have been their voice .
Goods -LRB- things -RRB- and services are also scarce because there are only a limited number of things in the world and due to the limits of technology and our own priorities .
Several developers of ENIAC saw its problems .
Einstein 's field equations include a cosmological constant -LRB- Lamda : Î -RRB- , that is related to an energy density of empty space .
Their grandson was the famous Charles I of Spain -LRB- also known as Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor -RRB- .
For both men and women , styling and coloring of hair have been a way to look good , and get prestige .
An example would be reacting hydrochloric acid -LRB- HCl -RRB- and sodium hydroxide -LRB- NaOH -RRB- .
The first man-made element was Technetium , in 1937 .
Certain administrators have oversighter access .
p272 Almost all these problems have come about for historical reasons .
Bubonic plague is the best-known form of the disease plague , which is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis .
It uses characters -LRB- traits -RRB- to decide on the branches of the taxonomy .
The five biggest moons are Miranda , Ariel , Umbriel , Titania and Oberon .
Music started many thousands of years ago .
The Retiro Park is the most famous .
Parliament started a thousand years ago as an advisory body for the monarch , but by the 17th century it had gained enough power to successfully defeat Charles I , in the English Civil War .
Sound travels 1,100 feet per second in the air .
What he saw backed up Copernicus ' idea .
The Crusaders wanted to go home , but were ordered by the Pope to continue until the whole South of France was controlled and all Cathars were dead .
The capital of India is New Delhi .
Neptune has a total of 13 known moons .
The word `` pop music '' was used from about 1880 onwards , when a type of music called music was popular .
France is the leading agricultural producer and exporter in Europe .
There are also verb forms that can be used in the same way as nouns -LRB- such as ' I like running . -RRB-
They sailed up the coast and Captain Cook named the land that he saw `` New South Wales '' .
Kamehameha I made Oahu his capital when he became the first king of Hawaii .
Nuclear fission is when the Nucleus splits into two smaller nuclei , releasing a lot of stored energy .
Most people learn arithmetic in grade school , but some people do not learn arithmetic and others forget the arithmetic they learned .
The next largest party is often called the `` opposition '' .
The UK Parliament remains sovereign and it could end the devolved administrations at any time .
It partly explains healing as a process of regaining balances - not as curing .
This means that they can be written as a divided by b , where the numbers a and b are integers , and b is not equal to 0 .
Progress in understanding the nature of mathematics also influences the way mathematicians study their subject .
These fans are called spectators .
Most plastics are man-made ; they do not occur in nature .
In recent years Consumer Reports magazine found several SUVs unacceptable because they roll over too easily .
Peace is a time without any fights or wars .
The UK is made up of four different countries : Wales , England , Scotland and Northern Ireland .
The petals of a flower are often brightly colored and scented to attract insects and other pollinators .
Some of these groups may think that the Bible is a collection of stories meant to show who God is , or even just the opinions of humans that reveal some commonly-believed truth .
Even though that is true , most people and construction professionals do not realize how easily a tree can be killed .
Negentropy is reverse entropy .
Names of places and people are proper nouns .
Orthography , or spelling , is the correct order and combination of letters put together to form words .
The city of Kailua-Kona is on the dry west side of Hawaii , and is popular with tourists .
According to general relativity , space can get bigger faster than the speed of light , but we can view only part of the universe because of the speed of light .
Most European languages are rather similar whereas , for example , Chinese and Japanese are very different from all European languages .
Hydrogen is important because it is the fuel that powers the Sun and other stars .
Mosques will often invite poorer members of the community to these meals .
This area is still called the City of London .
English has been changing for the last thousand years , and as the language changes , so parts of it get stuck with different spellings .
In many religions , there is just one deity that the people believe in .
Atoms themselves are made up of three kinds of smaller particles , called protons , neutrons and electrons .
This is done once a week .
Computer science looks at the theoretical parts of computers .
In addition to the start of retrogradation , other events inside the synodic period include astronomical opposition , the return to prograde motion , and conjunction to the Sun .
This plant\/fungi symbiosis is called mycorrhiza .
The finnish currency , the markka -LRB- mark -RRB- , was changed to the European Union 's currency , the euro , in 2002 .
Simple English is clearer and simpler , and it uses shorter sentences .
In 1939 , those who wanted democracy were defeated , and a dictator named Francisco Franco took over the government .
One is `` as large as we think the universe is '' , about the 74 billion light years circumference predicted in Weeks ' model .
The most common example of noise is static seen on analog televisions .
Art can also be a form of expression of emotion .
More organized states could be the monarchies such as early Egypt under the Pharaoh .
Today , most of what people think of as money is not even things you can hold .
By October 13 , snow was reported by Chinese authorities to be falling in both Qinghai and Heilongjiang Provinces .
For example , when a car brakes it decelerates .
Ethics is part of other fields of study in many ways .
Sometimes , an article uses more than 2,000 words , or , at most , 3,000 , but it explains all the difficult words .
Some breads are fried .
If you are looking for the article on the US Constitution , see United States Constitution .
Some wheat is good and other wheat is moldy or stale .
After the al-Askari Mosque bombing in February 2006 , imams and other Islamic leaders used mosques and Friday prayers to call for calm and peace during the widespread violence .
After Mao , Deng Xiaoping , as one of the 1st generation Communist Party leaders , took power and launched the `` Change and Open '' Policy .
This is because of the areas which physics has addressed are more amenable to quantitative approaches than other areas .
It would have an infinite number of digits after the decimal point .
Salt , petroleum , and natural gas are there too .
In the table the elements are placed in the order of their atomic numbers starting with the lowest number .
However , many types of margarine contain trans fats , which are unhealthy and can cause heart disease .
Now think about a point which is one centimeter to the left of the zero point .
If it gets light on it , the tuber turns green and will be poisonous .
There are 20 Regions .
There are eight main islands and many small islands and atolls .
About 2.7 million of them live in Rome , and 1.3 million in Milan .
Most North Americans and Europeans enjoy sweet apples .
This is a reason why so few Jews caught the disease .
At the same time , round the world there are many traditional dances .
A fish -LRB- plural : fish or fishes -RRB- is a class of vertebrates that live in water .
Spain was ruled by monarchs from the House of Habsburg , then the House of Bourbon .
Even though the dialects of English use different words or word order , they still have grammar rules .
Her mother is from Hungary .
They support themselves largely with small family farms .
The UK is a developed country with fifth largest economy in the world .
Over 70 % of the Earth surface is covered by water .
Tree stems are mainly made of support and transport tissues -LRB- xylem and phloem -RRB- .
But even very basic concepts -LRB- zero , one , two -RRB- are too difficult to explain with a small number of words .
Some people argue that this is the first programmable machine .
When the computer wants to store the results of the instructions for later , it uses the hard disk .
In the 1780s the farmers in Ireland began growing potatoes because they grew well in the poor soils .
This scale is a lot more common in most English speaking nations today .
At about the time of the Renaissance , words in English did not have a fixed spelling .
Several possible explanations have been suggested , including radiogenic heating from the planet 's core , the continued radiation into space of leftover heat made by infalling matter during the planet 's birth , and gravity waves breaking above the tropopause .
Sally and Bill have added three children to their two children and now have five children .
Element contains only one kind of atom .
They are called the nucleus .
The Portuguese were the first Europeans to visit Japan .
If any two nodes have an edge between them , then the graph is called the complete graph .
The clouds , made of methane , are difficult to see as they are low in the atmosphere .
The first possible sighting of Neptune is thought to be by Galileo as his drawings showed Neptune near Jupiter .
A select few administrators have checkuser access .
The Roman Empire controlled Spain for three hundred years ; then people from Northern Europe called the Visigoths fought for Spain and won it from the Romans .
: She talks like a child - she and children speak slowly or with a high voice .
Seedlessness is an important feature of some fruits of commerce .
After that , they eat sweet dumpling -LRB- Chinese : æ å , å
Having different programs and operating systems makes it easy to learn how to use computers for new things .
The New Testament is about Jesus , or `` God the Son '' .
Galaxies may contain many multiple star systems , star clusters , and various interstellar clouds .
Football or soccer is the most popular sport , although the national sport of the country is Pato .
In music , it was the time of composers like Joseph Haydn , Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , and Ludwig van Beethoven .
Animals have certain amino acids they are not able to create this way , and must get from their food .
History begins when there is a written record , and writing , like so much else , was brought to Britain by the Romans .
The scientist Jons Jacob Berzelius gave proteins their name , but many other scientists have studied proteins .
During the development of MediaWiki , different skins have came into the main software .
In February 1947 , Italy signed a peace treaty with the Allies losing all the colonies and some territorial areas -LRB- Istria and parts of Dalmatia -RRB- .
These rules are called `` laws of motion '' .
Many times no one in China can read it or add to it .
At that time in England , homosexuality was a crime .
An extra day was moved from February in order to make the month of August seem more important .
This is called transpiration .
In mosques that were built or that are kept up by the government , the imam is selected by the ruler .
For example monks , artists , and scientists may think about philosophical ideas and questions .
The computer user could then simply choose which program the user wanted to run .
When the number is 1 , then the 1 is not written because 1 times any number is that number -LRB- 1 Ã -- y = y -RRB- and so is not needed .
Because of this , the Himalaya Mountains , where Mount Everest is , are still being made today .
Many other Christians used a Bible in Latin .
It often needs knowledge of the rules of numbers and mathematics operations used on numbers -LRB- adding , subtracting , multiplying , dividing , and other operations -RRB- .
Later those colonies became self governing democracies .
Its features are things like continents , seas , rivers and mountains .
Mammals are found on land and in water , and also in the air , where they compete with lots of other animals .
Cities that were built hundreds of years ago and which have not changed much , are very much smaller than modern cities .
The match brings the energy to break the first bonds , which release enough energy to break the bonds below them , until the candle has burned down .
The Universe appears to have a smooth space-time continuum made of three spatial dimensions and one temporal -LRB- time -RRB- dimension .
Linguistics might be more interested in how new words are created by culture , rather than in how existing ones are used in grammar .
A leap year comes once every four years .
His characters -LRB- the people in his plays -RRB- are interesting and talk about interesting ideas .
There are thousands of symbols that are recognized by most people all over the world , and many more that are limited to certain regions , religions , sciences , etc. .
Some ghosts might cause fear in the person who sees them , by being seen suddenly .
Words that are only understood and not used are called â passive vocabularyâ .
The empire included parts of West Africa and Southeast Asia .
Many famous writers lived in Dublin .
Many objects in the Solar System that are not planets are also `` icy '' .
They said that each time a comet appeared , it would bring bad luck with it .
The domes were often placed directly above the main prayer hall .
New words are invented or words change their meaning .
Taiwan has three large Han groups .
Protons and Neutrons are made out of quarks , of two types ; up quarks and down quarks .
The Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca is one of only two mosques in Morocco currently open to non-Muslims .
Tourism profession has recognized long ago that many of their clients are specifically attracted by recreational offerings .
When the statistics are done , it can no longer be determined which individuals are taken .
The state bird is the Hawaiian goose -LRB- nene -RRB- .
Also , it can be a crime to eat some types of food , such as meat of rare exotic animals , marijuana leaves , or mushrooms that contain psychedelic drugs .
For example 5 + -LRB- -3 -RRB- is the same as 5 - 3 , and equals 2 .
Catholics and Lutherans end the first commandment at `` I will have mercy through a thousand generations on those who have love for me and keep my laws . ''
The tree , with its branches reaching up into the sky , and roots deep into the earth , can be seen to dwell in three worlds - a link between heaven , the earth , and the underworld , uniting above and below .
In recent history , China has had problems with protests , blocking of information on the Internet , and censorship in the news .
Often the tools from these other areas are not quite appropriate for the needs of physics , and need to be adapted or more advanced versions have to be produced .
The largest fish is the whale shark , which can be almost 15 meters long and weigh 15 tons .
Most Christians believe that Sunday is a special day of worship and rest .
Ï Î Î Î -LRB- mousike -RRB- , which means '' -LRB- art -RRB- of the Muses '' .
This can be compared to the one trillion -LRB- 1012 -RRB- stars of the neighbouring Andromeda Galaxy .
This part of computer history is called the `` history of automated calculation , '' which is a fancy phrase for `` the history of machines that make it easy for me to do this same math problem over and over without making mistakes . ''
A license allows a person or company to do something that they otherwise are not allowed to do .
In our example there are 10 items of data , the two middle ones are `` 57 '' and `` 64 '' , so the median is -LRB- 57 +64 -RRB- \/ 2 = 60.5 .
Then , usually , a court or a judge decides if the person really did a crime .
They bleed from their noses , mouths , and genitals .
The base releases Na + and OH - ions .
It has caused even more people in Taiwan to not want to be re-united with mainland China .
These other types of Hydrogen are important in nuclear energy .
They often come after prepositions , as the ` object of preposition ' .
These are called electron shells .
Some of these casinos include Circus Circus , a circus-themed casino , and The Venetian , an Italian-themed casino .
Over the next 25 years , millions of people came to Australia .
For example , in the Simple English version it is more important to explain slang , idiom , and jargon .
In 1953 , the United Nations asked France to choose a coat of arms to represent them internationally .
It neighbors Guyana , Suriname , French Guiana , Venezuela , Colombia , Peru , Bolivia , Paraguay , Argentina and Uruguay , therefore it borders every country in South America , with the exception of two , Chile and Ecuador .
When Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile came to Madrid , Spain had become a very rich country .
In the United Kingdom , a city is a town which people have always called a city , or which has got the name `` city '' status by royal charter -LRB- a special paper from the king or queen -RRB- .
It remained the cultural capital of Persia until the devastating Mongol invasion of the thirteenth century .
To `` Preserve the Title '' of such a section when you modify the Document means that it remains a section `` Entitled XYZ '' according to this definition .
Stories are kept in alphabetical order by the last name of the person who wrote them , the author .
Sometimes these rules are also called Decalogue -LRB- from Greek , can be translated as ten statements -RRB- .
The word supernatural is used for things that some people believe are real , but that are not part of nature .
They captured photo evidence of lightning on the night side of Jupiter .
In 1788 the First Fleet of eleven ships set sail from Portsmouth carrying convicts , sailors , marines , a few free settlers and enough food to last for two years .
The present overall density of the Universe is very low , roughly 9.9 Ã -- 10 â 30 grams per cubic centimetre .
The smallest group is the descendants of the black African slaves who were brought in to do the work .
Both the United States Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution are social contracts .
However , eating a mixture of plants , such as both wheat and peanut butter , or rice and beans , provides all the essential amino acids needed .
There are many different languages and cultures in India .
Some died like Burke and Wills .
Its head is Ron O'Dor of Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Laws help to make sure people have rights and that their rights are taken care of .
There are five carpels arranged in a star in the middle of the fruit .
These people are called politicians .
They lived in bands , and they spoke many different languages .
Dark energy makes its expansion faster .
However , that is still only $ 3100 -LRB- considering PPP -RRB- per person per year .
The hallmark of New York city is an enormous number of skyscrapers , especially in Manhattan .
Man has used soap-like things for at least 4000 years .
Women were prominent in the faith .
The name periodic comes from period , which is the length of time required for a wave to complete one cycle .
We say it possesses intrinsic value , because it is useful or valuable by itself .
This means that some people try to make a profit by buying and selling these types of financial capital in a market .
They can also see which users edit from certain IP addresses , as well as some information on the browser used for editing .
Finland wanted to retrieve the areas that it had lost , so they joined the German invasion , which started in 1941 .
If no other person or business is using the trademark to sell those products , then the government will list that trademark .
More than 60,000 Australians were killed .
The word , encyclopedia , was put in the title of some encyclopedias .
Name changes
Multiplication is the third operation in maths after addition which is the first , subtraction which is the second and then there is multiplication .
According to one common terminology , each `` soap bubble '' of space-time is denoted as a universe , whereas our particular space-time is denoted as the Universe , just as we call our moon the Moon .
These two rules are not literally identical though .
Although many Taiwanese think there is no freedom in China , others want to be united again with China .
Finally , it helps to have a good teacher .
Each would trade a little of what he had with the other , and support the people on his farm .
These features already existed in Persia before Islam .
People have lived on the Iberian Peninsula for about 500,000 years .
It is like taking the body apart , and looking at its parts -LRB- organs , muscles and bones -RRB- .
It takes roughly one month to complete one orbit .
Some have organized into the Green Parties , but there are actually political ecologists in most political parties .
Hydrogen takes up about 75 % of the entire Universe .
This is known as a Heliocentric model .
The climate in Tasmania was more like that of in England , and farmers found it easy to grow crops there .
It was the markka , the Finnish mark , FIM , before 2002 .
Problems such as building a freeway , designing a cell phone , or finding the cure for a disease all require algebra .
Rather than let liability for these problems be taken up by the public sector or be haphazardly assigned one issue at a time to companies via lawsuits , many accounting reform efforts focus on achieving full cost accounting .
The English name for the planet is from the Romans , who named it after the Roman god Mercury , which they thought to be the same as the Greek god Hermes .
He did this in 1844 .
France received 10 billion euros in 2006 from the European Community as subsidy to its farmers .
For large wikis with lots of users , MediaWiki supports caching and can be easily coupled with Squid proxy server software .
We fry food by cooking it in hot butter or vegetable oil .
In the 20th century , some countries did research on the bacteria that causes bubonic plague .
Recently Finns have also won many events in swimming and motor sports and gymnastics .
There is a strong French-language culture , which includes French-language newspapers , magazines , television and radio shows , and movies .
36,569 of them are in metropolitan France and 212 of them are in overseas France .
Most of the collapsing mass collected in the center , forming the Sun , while the rest flattened into a protoplanetary disk out of which the planets , moons , asteroids , and other small Solar System bodies formed .
Escoffier 's largest contribution was the publication of Le Guide Culinaire in 1903 , which established the fundamentals of French cookery .
In the past , maps were drawn by hand , but today most printed maps are made using computers .
It is used to fill balloons and airships because it is lighter than air , and does not burn or react , meaning it is normally safe for using it in that way .
The four basic arithmetic operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division .
Australia is the sixth biggest country in the world by landmass .
Many amounts can be variables , which can change their value unlike numbers such as 5 or 200 .
So , there is now a situation where both sides are not making any big changes .
Some drugs have been tested and approved for sale as hair loss treatments .
The Allies landed in Normandy on June 6 , 1944 .
Among the requirements of the GFDL are that any new work created from the original work is also licensed under the GFDLâ '' that is , once something is licensed as GFDL , it will always stay licensed as GFDL , and anything which uses it also is licensed as GFDL .
India is the largest democracy in the world .
The name bubonic plague is specific for this form of the disease , which enters through the skin , and travels through the lymphatic system .
Also , it is good to always look at all versions in all languages , to get new ideas .
For the death metal band , see Death -LRB- band -RRB- .
If you are confused , just remember that the whole number can be including 0 but the counting number does not include 0 .
Later , computer scientists decided to have the wires stay as they were , and feed instructions to the computer with punch cards -LRB- cards with holes that represented instructions -RRB- or magnetic tape .
She is goddess of marriage .
This means that copying between pages -LRB- or projects -RRB- is OK .
Each of state and territory has its own Parliament and makes its own local laws .
Chemistry is very common in normal life and makes up the foundation of much of science .
This was the world 's first recorded nuclear fission reaction .
To find the total number of objects in both groups , the objects can be counted .
In Christianity they are called churches .
In many religions , an angel is a good spirit .
In the year 1492 , they took the last part of Spain that had belonged to the Moors .
In other parts of Afghanistan , archaeologists uncovered pottery and tools that are 4,000 to 11,000 years old-evidence that Afghans were among the first people in the world to grow crops and raise animals .
Altogether , 1,625 languages are spoken in India .
Nauru is a small island in the Pacific Ocean .
The leader of the bees is called the Queen Bee .
Thus , in the early part of the matter-dominated era , stable protons and neutrons formed , which then associated into atomic nuclei .
Its total area , with surface water area , is 33,990 square kilometers , the land area alone is 30,528 kmÂ .
You then look at which picture is facing up .
It has 31 days .
Therefore , present estimates of the total number are uncertain .
This is often called fishing .
Opaque formats include proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by proprietary word processors , SGML or XML for which the DTD and\/or processing tools are not generally available , and the machine-generated HTML , PostScript or PDF produced by some word processors for output purposes only .
Adult Muslims are expected to pray five times a day .
The atmosphere of Neptune is made up mostly of hydrogen , with a smaller amount of helium .
To be exact , it looks like that the LibertÃ ring might disappear maybe quickly in less than 100 years .
Another famous old part of Greater London is Westminster , which was always a different city from the City of London .
In 1941 , many hotels were built in Las Vegas with casinos in them .
An estimated US$ 45 billion has been spent by the Saudi Arabian government for mosques and Islamic schools in foreign countries .
Other types of capital , such as social capital and human capital are rarely treated like financial capital .
The scales are usually covered with a layer of slime which improves passage through the water , and makes the fish more slippery to a predator .
The first mosques had no minarets .
This means the loom was programmable .
For example , the ordinary words boot , net , and web also have special meanings for users of computers , the Internet , and the World Wide Web .
So these are partial implementations of a strict service economy ideal .
In some cases Webster 's changes have been widely adopted in Britain : the spelling program came from the French ; US program is clearly simpler , and more consistent with word endings in English .
Different kinds of oils are also used for many other things , for example to make cosmetics , medicines , paints , and detergents , like washing up liquids .
Skins of snakes , alligators or crocodiles , and ostriches are sometimes used to make fancier leather .
Since ecology refers to any form of biodiversity , ecologists research everything from tiny bacteria in nutrient recycling to the effects of tropical rain forests on the Earth 's atmosphere .
What Newton and Leibniz found was a way to work out the slope -LRB- or the speed in the distance example -RRB- exactly using simple and logical rules .
Ecology is the science which studies the biota and the environment , and their interactions .
The Republic of India -LRB- Hindi : à à 3\/4 à à
Modern-day mosques in the Western world want to educate good citizens .
Uranus has 27 known moons .
It was known to the ancient Romans , who named it after the Roman god Jupiter -LRB- Latin : Iuppiter -RRB- .
It has become the main concept which defines a modern computer .
Sports can be played indoors or outdoors .
This is called a `` bicameral '' legislature .
People often describe these ideologies using words such as `` rightwing '' and `` leftwing '' .
All this provides is more time to work out a new deal between the owners and the people the business owes money .
String theory proponents say this is because the theory is not finished yet .
One of the largest -LRB- and oldest -RRB- known star clusters , Messier 15 , has several million stars , packed closely together , with a black hole at its center .
Marco was born in 1630 and died in 1699 .
They are usually cold-blooded .
Cities that became cities because of their university generally grow because more people move there to be educated at the university colleges .
For example :
London , the capital , is famous as being the largest center of finance in the world , along with New York City in the United States .
There are other commands , such as helping the poor and being nice to people .
Libraries , archives and museums collect and keep these things for people to study history .
The highest key on a piano , for instance , vibrates 4,000 times per second .
Other libraries keep famous or rare books .
A person might travel to a different country to teach , to work in a health service or to help people in some other way .
The word '' Î Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Î Ï '' can also mean `` general '' : perhaps the people who made the Latin name `` encyclopedia '' did not understand the Greek word well .
Insects such as bees are attracted to bright , scented flowers .
Most metaphors are concepts : see conceptual metaphor .
In a temple people perform religious activities like prayers and worship of God .
In March 2004 , China 's government passed a law that will allow China to invade Taiwan if the people of Taiwan vote to become the Republic of Taiwan .
Without energy from the sun no life could exist .
The Milky Way galaxy is a barred spiral galaxy .
When botanists talk about berries , they mean a simple fruit produced from a single ovary .
Italy is also a member of the G8 , as it has the 7th largest Gross Domestic Product in the world .
The country 's other ethnic groups include the Hazaras , Uzbeks , Chahar Aimaks , Turkmens , Nuristani and Baloch .
So there is some evidence that liquid water did , once , exist on Mars -LRB- this means that Mars must have been much warmer long ago -RRB- .
The history of these changes is certainly not altogether lost regardless of any belief in a suppression of the facts by a conspiracy of the pagans of the Roman Empire and the clergy of the Catholic Church .
Somehow , the little group of tents with a hut for the Governor , Arthur Phillip , and another hut for the supply of food , grew into a small town with streets , a bridge over the stream , a windmill for grinding grain and wharves for ships .
These Aboriginal people lived by hunting , gathering , and fishing .
The album caused Morissette to win four Grammy Awards .
The subjects in economic study are households , business companies , the government -LRB- the state -RRB- , and foreign countries .
The capital city of Scotland is Edinburgh and the capital city of Northern Ireland is Belfast .
The computer changes information based on these rules .
In 2008 Prince Joachim married for the second time .
Sausages are some of the oldest foods .
The departments are divided into 342 arrondissements .
Mosques often have fountains or other facilities for washing in their entrances or courtyards , so that people can perform the washing ritual before prayer .
All of the questions are supposed to be asked often and they all are about the same thing .
Also , computers may take too much time to finish long tasks .
Some of the Aboriginal people , called Iroquoians , planted squash and maize .
Hydrogen is a chemical element .
They lived in all sorts of climates and managed the land in different ways .
This gives an approximation to the area .
But Australia was still part of the British Empire , and still felt very close to Britain and the British Kings and Queens .
The largest inland city is Canberra , which is also the nation 's capital .
In popular culture , soul usually means deep feeling and commitment .
This is because Ms. Sinclair promised to help preserve Hawaiian culture and tradition when she bought the island .
Burst events are those where there is a sudden change in the heavens that disappears quickly .
In the New Testament , there are three beings who are said to be God in different forms : the Father , the Son , and the Holy Spirit -LRB- also known as the Holy Ghost -RRB- .
This makes them easy to carry around .
The four largest moons of Jupiter orbit or go around the planet within the magnetic field .
Japan had contact with the Europeans for a little while in the 16th century .
Simple English is similar to English , but it only uses basic words .
However , even in botany , there is no general agreement on how fruits should be classified .
This language is changing all the time because new words are made and used .
A suggestion is an idea that one suggests , or says is good for another -LRB- or others -RRB- to follow .
Cajun has extra salt , black pepper , and garlic .
Angola is a country in Africa .
Only about one-fourth of the land is mountains or hills .
Atoms are made up of protons , neutrons , and electrons .
It usually contains materials that will become toxic waste when disposed of .
The á Ä hirids were succeeded in 867 â `` 869 by a native dynasty from SÄ `` stÄ n , the á cents affÄ rids .
When the police find someone who they think might be a criminal , they usually hold the person in a jail .
The leaders of Finland refused : they wanted to stay independent .
Because government is run by people who can be greedy , many people think leaders must be elected by some kind of democracy .
Sometimes , more than one electron is shared .
The Soviet Union put nuclear weapons in Cuba and aimed them at America .
The first ink was used in Egypt about 2600 BC .
Australia is a member of the United Nations and the Commonwealth of Nations .
Two examples are linear equations and quadratic equations .
Every carpel has one to three seeds .
Jazz music mixed together blues music with European music .
Jews had come to be hated in the Roman Empire after the Jewish-Roman wars .
O Fat obas , kel binol in sÃ 1\/4 ls , paisaludomÃ z nem ola !
`` Julia '' is a common female name .
A lot of the words use numbers instead of letters but some were made because of typing errors which are now done on purpose .
Civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions or statutes passed by government .
Strictly speaking , the observable universe depends on the location of the observer .
In ancient societies , laws were written by leaders , to set out rules on how people can live , work and do business with each other .
That means for a 10 inch tree , the TPZ would extend 15 feet in all directions from the base of the trunk at ground level .
where m - mass of body , v - speed of body , c - speed of light .
In a properly sited mosque , it will be set perpendicular to a line leading to Mecca .
Brazil is known for soccer , but it also has many other things : a varied culture -LRB- influenced by people who have come from many countries -RRB- , and a growing economy .
They also saw thousands of other faraway objects such as galaxies and nebulae .
As it flows over the flat land the river becomes wider and slower .
This is the bacteria that causes bubonic plague .
Surface temperatures can be anywhere from about 90 to -LRB- â ' 183 Â C to 427 Â C , â ' 297 Â F to 801 Â F -RRB- , with the subsolar point being the hottest and the bottoms of craters near the poles being the coldest .
Even in the 20th century , people thought that the Milky Way was the universe .
The oldest known European Yew is the Llangernyw Yew in the Churchyard of Llangernyw village in North Wales which is estimated to be between 4,000 and 5,000 years old .
Summers are moderately warm , winters are cool to cold .
Natural resources are certain materials Earth produces .
This is when the Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation invented tech support .
The bridge to Sweden was expensive , took a long time to build , and required much planning by engineers .
Archaeology is the study of the past by looking for the remains and artifacts -LRB- historical things -RRB- left by the people who lived long ago .
Ancient China was one of the first civilizations .
Ballroom dances are forms of modern dance .
This transfer can happen in different ways .
At Neptune however , there is so little solar energy that once winds are started they meet very little resistance , and are able to keep very high speeds .
The opinion of an administrator , for example , should not be counted as more important than the opinion of a person who chooses to change Wikipedia with an IP address just because they have administrator rights .
The International Labor Organisation says that it thinks that about 800,000 people are forced to work this way .
Finland -LRB- Suomi in Finnish -RRB- is a country in Northern Europe and is a member state of the European Union .
The other gene pair is a non-red\/red pair , where the not-red allele is dominant and the allele for red hair is recessive .
This is true for the Integers -LRB- whole numbers -RRB- , e.g. 4 Ã -- 6 is the same as 6 Ã -- 4 , and also for the Rational numbers -LRB- fractions -RRB- , and for all the other Real numbers -LRB- representable as a field in the continuous line -RRB- , and also for Complex numbers -LRB- numbers representable as a field in the plane -RRB- .
They have long `` tails '' , because the Sun melts the ice .
However , Finland was not a fascist or an antisemitic country .
In liquids like water , the molecules are stuck together but they can still move .
Colonists built farms on the banks of St. Lawrence River .
Other units of mass used in science and engineering include slugs , atomic mass units , Planck masses , Solar masses , and eV\/c2 .
These powers are different in different countries , but most police officers have the power to arrest people , search people and their houses and carry equipment such as guns , batons\/truncheons or pepper spray or all of them .
Most of these words are new , such as Wiki and blog , which were not used before the Internet became popular .
One litre is the volume of one cubic decimetre , that is a cube of 10 x 10 x 10 centimetre .
If the standard deviation of a set of data is small , then most of the data is very close to the average .
The work that uses numbers to make things is called engineering
The stellar disk of the Milky Way Galaxy is approximately 100,000 light-years -LRB- 9 Ã -- 1017 km -RRB- in diameter , and is considered to be , on average , about 1000 light years thick .
In September 2001 , Google 's rating system -LRB- `` PageRank '' , for saying which information is more helpful -RRB- got a U.S. Patent .
It is a branch of biology , and is also called plant biology .
The central government is responsible for defense and foreign affairs but not the daily operations for 50 years .
Mathematicians use the letter c for the length of this line .
By finding general rules , mathematics solves many problems at the same time .
In a compound , the atoms of each element are joined together to form a molecule .
He said that even if someone was just angry and rude to another person , they might be judged for murder , and if they just looked with desire or lust at a woman , they had committed adultery in their heart .
This is true for light - a light photon has no mass , but its energy can act as mass when it hits something .
The port will often contain a water space with wave breakers around the edge , a number of quays or piers where the ships may be moored or tied up and a transport system for taking goods inland .
Ethics tries to answer questions like :
Some of these include Omar Sharif , who was an international actor , Boutros Boutros-Ghali , who was the first person from Africa to lead the United Nations , and four Nobel Prize winners : Anwar Sadat , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1978 , Naguib Mahfouz , who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1988 , Ahmed Zewail , who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1999 , and Mohamed ElBaradei , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 .
This means it is free content , or open source .
Antoine de Saint-Exupery stated : `` The earth teaches us more about ourselves than all the books .
Some discovered planets that have similar masses like Neptune are often called as `` Neptunes '' .
After World War II , playwrights in Europe and the United States began doing plays in a new style called `` Theatre of the Absurd . ''
Brazil also has other types of land ; there is a type of savanna called cerrado ; there is also a dry plant region named caatinga .
They sent Captain James Cook to the Pacific Ocean .
This has led to a lot of specialization in physics , and the introduction , development and use of tools from other fields .
This causes the clouds and rain .
In Japan , Sumo Wresling is an important traditional sport , and it is their national sport .
A scientist is a person who works in science .
Raw food can sometimes make people sick because of bacteria which would otherwise be destroyed by cooking .
They may also be linked to an idea such as a path that the spirit of each person should take towards goodness , truth and duty .
It has 30 days .
These show off paintings , sculptures , and other works of art from some of the most famous artists in the world .
Science is a process , not just the facts and rules believed at one time .
There is very heavy rainfall along the west coast and in the Eastern Himalayan foothills .
Challis later found out that he had seen the planet twice in August , failing to recognize it owing to his careless approach to the work .
It often puts forward candidates for public office .
Land that is used to grow plants for food , or could be used to grow plants for food is called arable land .
The atmosphere , extending about 10 to 20 % of the way towards the center , is mostly hydrogen and helium at high altitudes .
It was first connected in October , 1969 .
In many religions there are other types of spirits .
Most computers have a sound card or another method of making sound , which is like vocal cords , or a voice box .
Astronomers think these comets are broken pieces that used to be one object .
5 .
There are some minorities living in Armenia , such as Greek , Russian , and other minorities , and more than 90 % of the people are ethnic Armenians .
On Shabbat , work is not allowed according to the Ten Commandments .
The Rule of Law is the law which says that government can only legally use its power in a way the government and the people agree on .
The oldest signs of people in Argentina are located in the Patagonia -LRB- PiedraOther languages spoken are Italian , English and German .
It is a form of Sabbath and replaces the Friday prayers at the mosque .
When someone writes about a living thing and uses this name , they only write the Genus name and the species name , like this :
An example would be heating sodium bicarbonate , common baking soda .
Dogs are usually banned from entering mosques , but on 24 September 2008 , the Muslim Law Council UK made special ruling , called a fatwa , which granted a blind Muslim permission to take his guide dog into the mosque .
This page is about the first letter in the alphabet .
Denmark is a kingdom .
Bees and ants are grouped in a special group called a colony .
Muslims reject the Bible 's version of the Ten Commandments .
CheckUsers can help fight vandalism this way .
Although America helps protect Japan , some people living near the bases do not like the soldiers there because of serious problems the soldiers sometimes make .
The part that is officially known as the `` City of London '' only takes up one square mile .
Comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets , scientists think the extreme course may be characteristic of flows in the interior of the planet and not the result of Uranus ' sideways rotational movement .
The people in Australia wanted to run their own country , and not be told what to do from London .
This means that the tree which would grow from planting would be a mixture of two .
Another term `` To boot '' is an idiom meaning also .
This territory may be a country , a state or province within a country , or a region .
Short exposures are easy .
It is good to develop a wide vocabulary .
Many Christians say that a very important element of the commandment not to make `` any image , or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above '' is `` and bow down and worship it '' .
Even though Cuba was independent , the Americans still controlled the island by a law called the Platt Amendment .
Many spiritual practices refer to this peace as an experience of knowing oneself .
A large number of people still feel more comfortable using coins and paper , and do not totally trust using electronic money on a computer memory .
Cosmology is the study of `` all that is '' .
Breakfast sausages are also used in other dishes , such as `` toads in the hole '' a cooked egg dish .
It is made by removing water from milk .
Page revisions can be hidden or removed from the public history so they can only be seen by other oversighters and developers .
There are pictures of the surface of Mars that were sent back to Earth by some of these probes .
Until the 1990s , people only knew of those in the Solar System .
Multi-word Dictionaries are dictionaries which offer the user the ability to define more than one word at a time .
If people in one colony wanted to buy or sell things to people in another colony , they had to ask permission .
Soon Neptune was internationally agreed among many people and was then the official name for the new planet .
The skin of animals can be made into leather .
Modern states soon started in the late 15th century .
See : meta : Proposals for closing projects\/Closure of Simple English Wikipedia -LRB- October 2007 -RRB- and : meta : Proposals for closing projects\/Closure of Simple English Wikipedia -LRB- 2 -RRB- -LRB- October 2008 -RRB- .
All the main leaders think this is a good idea and so Australia took 6.5 million immigrants in the 60 years after World War Two , including around 660,000 refugees .
Jews and Christians believe that true peace comes from a personal relationship with God .
As the speed gets close to the speed of light the mass becomes very big .
The human environmental studies would include things such as the population in a country , how a country 's economy is doing , and more .
In 1893 , American soldiers stopped Queen Liliuokalani from leading Hawaii when American business people took over the government and made their own laws .
Vectors are used to show distances and directions .
The human body is the body of a person .
On the other hand , Catholics believe that the Holy Catholic Church is the only true church .
The abbreviation for `` inch '' is `` in '' or '' -LRB- double quote -RRB- .
This idea is called Advaita Vedanta , which is the Hindu term for Monism .
The Earth is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
The inch is not used by scientists .
Verbs do have endings which show changes in tense : walked , walking .
English translations using `` kill '' include the King James -LRB- Authorised -RRB- -LRB- 1611 -RRB- -LRB- although note Matthew `` do no murder '' , following the Vulgate non homicidium facies -RRB- , the American Standard -LRB- 1901 -RRB- and Revised Standard -LRB- American Protestant , 1952 -RRB- Versions .
Like all sciences , biology uses the scientific method .
The language of a community or country .
Many famous problems of this kind exist .
If someone can not understand an idea in complex English , they can read the Simple English article .
Some internet encyclopedias allowed their paying customers to submit articles .
This is called bonding .
However , there are some other extensions that other people host themselves .
`` Laptop computers '' are computers small enough to fit on your lap .
China does not accept this agreement -LRB- accord -RRB- .
Music is written on five parallel lines called a staff .
If a trademark is not registered , they can write the word `` Trademark '' , use the abbreviation `` TM '' , or use the symbol â cents on their products .
Human anatomy , physiology and biochemistry are similar basic medical sciences , which are usually taught to medical students in their first year at medical school
Ass also refers to donkeys , who were formerly called asses ; `` you are such an ass '' comes from this usage .
For example , group 18 is known as the noble gases because they are all gases and they do not combine with other atoms .
Pitch is the highness or lowness of sound .
In civil law governments , judges do not generally have much power , and most of the laws and legal precedent are created by members of parliament .
There are many rivers in India .
People who attend the services at the mosque regularly are more likely to take part in protests , to sign petitions , and to involve themselves in political matters .
Atoms move faster when in gas form -LRB- as they are free to move -RRB- than liquid and solid matter .
Some people are still poor , mainly those who do not have jobs -LRB- around 4-5 % of Australians could not get a job in 2010 -RRB- , or whose farms do not make enough money -LRB- but not many Australians work on farms -RRB- .
Animals can mainly be divided into two main groups , the invertebrates , and the vertebrates .
The Head of State is Giorgio Napolitano , whose task began in May 2006 and will end in May 2013 -LRB- the President of the Republic remains for 7 years -RRB- .
The models used in economics today , were mostly started in the 19th century .
A mature river makes a riverbed that is U-shaped .
An `` old river '' slowly builds up its banks on either side ; the high banks are called `` levees '' .
The chemicals used in drugs and in things like bleach have been tested to make sure they are safe if used correctly .
Sometimes , seeds stick to animals and are dispersed that way .
Because coins have been made for a very long time , some people collect old coins .
Often in a tragedy , there is one thing that the hero does not want to happen and tries to prevent , but no matter what he does , it makes this thing more and more sure to happen .
Its atmosphere contains hydrogen , helium and methane .
22 of them are in Metropolitan France :
For example , if in a room there are 10 people who make $ 10\/day and 1 who makes $ 1,000,000 \/ day .
Cartography is making maps .
The position of the bit symbols shows how big the number is .
Food can also be prepared and served in restaurants -LRB- often workers , or in the evening for entertainment -RRB- or refectory -LRB- in particular for kids in school -RRB- .
Mathematicians also use dimensions .
The word `` sovereign '' is old and means `` control by a King '' -LRB- sovereign -RRB- .
Then they sailed westward .
From 1938 to 1945 Austria was part of Germany .
They shared the 2002 ICC Champions Trophy with Sri Lanka .
However , it is slightly soluble in water , so it is not often used in washing machines .
Many Finnish families have a summer cottage , a small house where they go to relax on their summer holiday .
Can also mean to cheat or steal from -LRB- `` fuck over '' -RRB- someone , to interfere with -LRB- `` fuck with '' -RRB- something or someone , or to cause harm -LRB- `` fuck up '' -RRB- .
It is located in the northern and eastern parts of the country .
This one island is one country -LRB- a republic -RRB- .
Also , the Armenian Apostolic Church , is by far the largest religion in the country .
A computer scientist wants to sort the cards .
The 16th and 17th centuries are now known as the â Golden Centuryâ .
`` Nigger '' -LRB- or `` nigga '' -RRB- is commonly used in popular urban black rap media , where it is used towards others in friendly or derogatory manner .
An island is a piece of ground that is surrounded by water .
If a section does not fit the above definition of Secondary then it is not allowed to be designated as Invariant .
The utensils used may be a plate , knife , fork , chopsticks , spoon , bowl , or spork .
Although March was originally the first month , January became the new first month because that was when people chose the new consuls -LRB- Roman leaders -RRB- .
The decibel scale makes sound intensity numbers easier to work with .
One of most famous paradoxes is called the liar 's paradox .
By 1800 , both Scotland and England had already independently had much influence over Ireland for over 600 years .
God 's eye view may be more important , especially in politics .
: adjectives to modify nouns : good food .
This is all the natural numbers , all their opposites , and the number zero .
Let x represent the number of jellybeans Ann gives to Sue .
Trees have played a very important role in many of the world 's mythologies and religions , and have been given deep and sacred meanings throughout the ages .
People who do not believe in any religion are called atheists .
India has more than 1.12 billion -LRB- 1,120,000,000 -RRB- people , which is more than any other country in the world except China .
After the Norman conquest , French scribes introduced new spellings .
This release energy is what makes nuclear fission useful for making bombs and electricity , in the form of nuclear power .
Tourette 's syndrome is actually a group of disorders that only includes coprolalia 15 % of the time .
Physics uses these theories to not only describe physical phenomena , but to model physical systems and predict how these physical systems will behave .
Jupiter 's magnetic field is so large , it reaches the orbit of Saturn 7.7 million miles away .
Common Latin abbreviations include i.e. -LRB- id est -RRB- that is , e.g. -LRB- exempli gratia -RRB- for example , and et al . -LRB- et alia -RRB- and others .
For example most native British English speakers know that `` No room to swing a cat '' means `` there was not a lot of space '' and can use the idiom properly , but few know it is because 200 years ago sailors were punished by being whipped with a whip called a `` cat o ` nine tails '' .
After Galileo , people used telescopes more often and began to see farther-away objects such as the planets Uranus and Neptune .
However , it is really only the worship of one God in different ways .
There are many types of plastic .
These are the only known exceptions , all other atoms have at least one proton , neutron and electron each .
Liane Gabora believes that all culture comes from creativity , not imitation .
They fought bravely , but were beaten by the Turks .
The `` Title Page '' means , for a printed book , the title page itself , plus such following pages as are needed to hold , legibly , the material this License requires to appear in the title page .
In other words , the radius is the same length all the way around the circle .
The reasons include its northerly latitude and the warm water from the Atlantic Ocean 's Gulf Stream .
In addition , there are 50,000 Buddhists 70,000 Sikh and 70,000 Hindus in Italy .
Computers can use many bits together to represent instructions and the data that these instructions use .
The `` peak '' of all these is known as the Cultural Revolution which is a disaster in human history , not only because millions of people were killed , but also because the traditional value system was destroyed as a result .
From its momentum you can figure out what mass would produce the same momentum at the speed of light , but this is an `` as if '' kind of mass , not real mass.
The Earth orbits or goes around the Sun roughly once every 365.25 days .
In principle , the other unconnected universes may have different dimensionalities and topologies of space-time , different forms of matter and energy , and different physical laws and physical constants , although such possibilities are currently speculative .
On the other hand , younger people often understand , but find silly or old-fashioned , the slang of older people .
Some Australians began to think of their country as being a part of Asia for the first time .
Welcome to the Simple English Wikipedia , an easy-to-read online encyclopedia for people who are learning English .
Some children have to work in mines or in plantations , or they have to fight wars as child soldiers , for no pay .
The universe is commonly defined as everything that exists .
Sometimes ghosts are said to live in a particular locality , for example an abandoned house , and when occupants come they tease them to drive away or cause serious damage to the occupants .
Like dictionaries , these publishers hired hundreds of experts to write articles and read and choose articles .
The island of Ireland is split into two main parts :
For instance , if poor people and rich people are debating something , a time limit may be imposed so that the rich people can not keep debating until the poor people have to go to work , and lose .
A cube has 8 corners , 12 edges and 6 sides .
Real scarcity can also exist by over use of non-renewable resources .
For example , farmers plant seeds in the ground .
This was proposed by many people since Webster , such as George Bernard Shaw , who proposed a new phonetic alphabet for English .
In most countries , police officers have been trained to carry guns .
A site is a real fixed physical location where something will or has happened or a place where something is .
The dictionary was exported to America .
People who get infected with Ebola virus get the disease Ebola hemorrhagic fever .
They believed that this bad god had taken them from the good god and put them in the world , but inside their bodies there was a spirit , and that spirit needed to return to the good god .
The way a council works can usually be found in the area 's charter .
But voices were getting louder for all of them to come together as one country with a national parliament .
PRC claims control over the island of Taiwan -LRB- which is also known as Taiwan province -RRB- , which is why people want Taiwan to formally declare independence .
They also made computers faster and more reliable .
Nobody knows who built the first computer .
The capital city is Beijing , and Shanghai is the biggest city .
He said that there should be more protection for individual rights against the government .
See the Oversighter page .
Michaels .
Other licenses give permission to shoot animals -LRB- often called a hunting license -RRB- .
The countries next to India are Pakistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , China , Bhutan , and Nepal .
In business , computers help to record and share what employees know .
There are many different types of theft , such as burglary , armed robbery and shoplifting .
So in order for another person to use an owner 's patent , copyright , or trademark , they need permission from the owner .
There was a grave danger that everyone in the new colony would die of starvation .
Europe is named after a person in Greek mythology called Europa .
However , this was proven wrong by Voyager 2 .
When two lines cross each other so that all the angles have the same size , the result is four right angles .
It has a sharp top with a soft underside .
Finland was a part of Russia , but after a short period of time it became autonomous , which means that the Finns essentially controlled Finland , though Stalin was in control officially .
Some people refuse to eat food from animal origin , like meat , eggs and products with milk in them .
To make up for these limitations , astronomers have proposed larger and more ambitious projects .
The planet has a small carbon dioxide atmosphere .
Who follows them when they die ?
Eight spacecraft have either flown past or visited Jupiter since 1973 .
Imaginary numbers were called imaginary because when they were first found many mathematicians did not think they existed .
It rotates on a tilt , just like the Earth does , so it has four different seasons .
The word Universe comes from the Old French word Univers , which comes from the Latin word universum .
Many people feared that Japan would invade Australia .
There is one copper atom -LRB- 63.55 -RRB- and two chlorine atoms -LRB- 35.45 Â 2 = 70.90 -RRB- .
Tennis has become popular due to the victories of the India Davis Cup team .
Differential calculus is the process of finding out the rate of change of a variable compared to another variable .
Chemistry is the science of chemical elements and compounds , and how these things work together .
70 % of people who got plague died .
Milk , wine , lemonade and water are often put into bottles .
Around 4-5 % of Australians could not get a job in 2010 .
The Free Software Foundation may publish new , revised versions of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time .
The Spanish brought thousands of slaves from Africa to Cuba to work for them .
They then chose points on either side of the range they were interested in and worked out tangents at each .
It can last a very long time , and he can use it at any time .
Name changes
Physical laws were the rules governing the properties of matter , form and their changes .
In modern politics , a state is an association which has control over a geographic area or territory .
There is an island in the river , and there are a number of bridges across the river .
Disturbing and correcting forces , which may be molecules or hormones , are treated in a more abstract and social way than in most other medicine .
Generally it is probably better to refine such material into a more conventional fuel like ethanol .
Depending on the time and place and local civics like the electoral system , they can lose power in many ways too .
Over the next 25 years , millions of people came to Australia .
Early people also discovered that when they cut off the horns of animals they had killed and blew through them , they could make interesting sounds .
Internet Explorer lets people look at things on the Internet .
`` Morals '' are the way a human behaves to other humans .
Australian soldiers also helped the United Nations in countries like Cambodia , Rwanda and East Timor .
Dictionaries which explain what words mean will give a clear `` definition '' of the word -LRB- e.g. hippopotamus : a hoofed mammal with thick skin , large mouth and short legs that lives in rivers and lakes of Africa . -RRB-
Later , they made it into a company , Google Inc. , on September 7 , 1998 at a friend 's garage in Menlo Park , California .
They did not know what they were , or where they came from .
By watching something happen , it is possible to predict what will happen if something similar happens .
It is close enough to Neptune to be locked into a synchronous orbit , and is slowly moving into Neptune and will one day be torn apart when it passes the Roche limit .
Alexander Parkes , an English inventor -LRB- 1813-1890 -RRB- , created the earliest form of plastic in 1855 .
Signs that these conquerors were in the area can still be found in many parts of the country .
-LRB- See below : Size of cities -RRB-
In the 1950s and 1960s Australia became one of the richest countries in the world , helped by mining and wool .
A plant produces many spores or seeds .
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled `` GNU Free Documentation License '' .
The Spirit rover also found traces of a mineral called jarosite , which is made in liquid water .
There are many approaches to studying physics , and many different kinds of actitivies in physics .
However , there are parts of the world where it is illegal -LRB- against the law -RRB- to witness to any religion except the one accepted by the government of the country .
Sometimes the change in time is written as Î '' t.
That means 35.45 grams of chlorine has a mole of atoms in it .
The innate immune system is usually meant to encompass cells and systems in the mammalian immune system that does not require previous exposure to a particular pathogen for function .
In a third war , however , Afghanistan won independence from Britain in 1919 , when the king of Afghanistan , Amanullah Khan , declared independence from United Kingdom control over Afghan foreign affairs .
They are called Saponification and Salting-out of soap .
Scientists call these diatomic molecules .
In Chinese cultures , it is typical for a person to have three-part name , such as `` Cheah Ching San , '' where `` Cheah '' is the surname .
Members of the same party agree to act and vote more or less together .
It is difficult to be exact .
In mathematics , one is also the only number with this special fact : Any number multiplied by 1 equals that number .
They allow the visitors to enjoy the shade .
At first , the universities had formed themselves according to the model of the professional groups and like almost everything in the Middle Ages , they remained tied to the Catholic Church .
Also used as an offensive term for a woman or man -LRB- `` She 's a real cunt '' -RRB- or `` cuntface '' or stupid `` cunt '' .
Summer temperatures in the desert reach as high as 115 Â â F -LRB- 46 Â â C -RRB- .
It has 30 days .
Then n\/1 = n but 1\/n is never 1 .
These are lots of different ways of catching fish .
They used a bible in the language people spoke .
Common law is based on the decisions made by judges in past court cases .
The Cathars believed that the world had been made by a bad god .
Part of the Hudson River forms the border between Manhattan and the Bronx on one side , and the State of New Jersey on the other side .
They also have most of the vitamins that people need to survive .
Some people develop a mental condition where they use profanity constantly .
However in ions -LRB- different number of electrons -RRB- this is not always the case and they can have a positive or a negative charge .
Quebec also has many companies that create products for information and communication technologies , aerospace , biotechnology , and health industries .
Struve gave support of that name on December 29 , 1846 , to the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences .
The GFDL has been criticized by many people who wish that it made it even easier for content to be re-used .
The current Prime Minister is Julia Gillard , who replaced Kevin Rudd , elected in June 2010 .
She also remarks that fruit and nuts -LRB- IÃ unn having been described as changing into a nut in SkÃ ldskaparmÃ l -RRB- have been discovered in the early graves of the Germanic peoples in England .
But the Portuguese refused and so India had to use force and the Portuguese were defeated .
They often have rituals -LRB- special things that are always done in the same way -RRB- for certain times of the year or certain times of a person 's life .
Whether a word is a profanity will always depend on the way people think .
The speed of an object is how far it travels in a particular time .
A row of elements across the table is called a period .
Limits are put on the Government in how much power they have within the Constitution -LRB- see Rule of Law -RRB- .
The Parliament of India is divided into two groups : the upper house , Rajya Sabha -LRB- Council of States -RRB- ; and the lower house , Lok Sabha -LRB- House of People -RRB- .
But after the fall of communism in Europe , Russia has stopped paying for these soldiers , and almost all of them came home .
People first arrived in Australia more than 50,000 years ago .
They do not mean what the dictionary says they mean .
A natural resource is anything people can use which comes from nature .
As of 2011 , slavery has been made against the law in almost all countries .
Examples of legislatures include the Houses of Parliament in London , the Congress in Washington , D.C. , the Bundestag in Berlin , the Duma in Moscow and the AssemblÃ e nationale in Paris .
Innate immunity starts with the skin , which is an excellent barrier to infection .
The capital city of Wales is Cardiff .
There are many other animals , such as insects and sponges .
Business , science , engineering , and construction need some knowledge of mathematics .
Stonehenge , in England is a famous archaeological site , or place .
Like symphonies , string quartet music had several sections .
The hairs found on certain plants are also not true hair , but Trichomes .
Some boots are held on with bootstraps or bootlaces .
Maá mÅ `` d , a great Ghaznavid sultan , conquered the Punjab and Multan and carried his raids into the heart of India .
It is easy to argue that philosophy is a good thing , because it helps people to think more clearly .
Schleyer was a Catholic priest from Germany .
Product stewardship includes waste disposal measures in the distribution chain of an industrial product .
Currently , the Chinese Nationalist government governs Taiwan .
Kushans spread Buddhism from India in the 1st century B.C. , and Buddhism remained an important religion in the area until the 7th century .
This started the United States ' involvement in World War 2 .
Knowledge can always be supported by evidence .
Not doing an activity because of fear .
This law hurt the feelings of the people in Taiwan very much , especially since the government of mainland China does not rule Taiwan .
One 18th century vision said that comets were the places that hell was , where souls would ride , being burned up by the heat of the sun and frozen by the cold of space .
They represent the vaults of heaven and the sky .
It is different in some ways from other variations of English , such as British English .
For ordinary people on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean , life got worse .
The Internet is used for many things , such as electronic mail , online chat , file transfer , and the interlinked web pages and other documents of the World Wide Web .
The second major use of the Internet is to send and receive e-mail .
It is food made by cooking down the blood of any mammal -LRB- usually pigs or cattle -RRB- with meat , fat or filler until it is thick enough to congeal -LRB- become firm or solid -RRB- when cooled .
When comparing a computer to a human body , the CPU is like a brain .
There are also many words from Ancient Greek and Latin .
This is a conceptual metaphor .
After the Soviets left , various Afghan groups began fighting for control of the country .
All languages share certain things which separate them from all other kinds of communication .
Green is a color .
Australia has a lot of trees that have very hard wood that was good for spear making .
The Roman numeral names were used at first and are the traditional names ; the Arabic numeral names are newer names that the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry -LRB- IUPAC -RRB- decided to use as well .
The atomic number of an element is the same as the number of electrons or protons in that particular atom .
In some cultures , a person can have any number of name parts .
That means one dollar is worth the same as another dollar .
The number Ï is equal to about or 3.14159 .
Since then this word has developed into the Modern German word Ã -- sterreich .
Depending on the field of mathematics , where numbers are used , there are different definitions :
For example , the Nazi Party did this in Germany , and the Communist Party did it in several countries .
Anyone can write in the Simple English Wikipedia , including high school students , people with learning disabilities , and people who are learning English .
It is also has what is known as a magnetosphere .
A Jewish exception is the Artscroll or Stone Edition tanach -LRB- 1996 -RRB- .
Tom wants to know the distance between his house and Sally 's house .
Abstract algebra is the study of things that are found in equations .
For example , `` That fuck Jonathon was so fucked up last night he fucked some fucking whore and got fucking gonorrhea .
A person or a company can also give a license to a patent , copyright , or trademark that they own .
In the middle of Japan there are mountains .
In machine code and in lots of programming languages one means true .
This was called the White Australia policy .
Architecture can be about small designs such as a garage or large designs such as a whole city .
They divided the curve into an infinite number of very small pieces .
This concept is used to calculate how much chemicals are needed in a chemical reaction if no reactants -LRB- chemicals that are reacted -RRB- should be left .
Members of the Unitarian Church have these beliefs .
But if he sells his cow for money , and buys wheat with money , he can get exactly the amount he wants .
Buddhists think that peace can be gotten once all suffering ends .
All modern biology is influenced by evolution , which answers the question : `` How has the living world come to be as it is ? ''
In some cultures , personal names come from history .
A library is a place where many books are kept .
A person 's first language helps them understand words and concepts in the style of that first language .
The Empire of Japan was created , and it became a very powerful nation and tried to invade the countries next to it .
Other languages are not like English : they will have different words for these different meanings .
In botany , a fruit is a plant structure that contains its seeds .
If people eat too much food , they can become overweight or obese .
Therefore , onlookers did not think about the actor , but thought about the character .
There is no special treatment for Ebola hemorrhagic fever .
Protestant translations using `` murder '' include the New International Version -LRB- American , 1978 -RRB- , New American Standard Bible -LRB- American , 1971 -RRB- , New English Bible -LRB- British Protestant , 1970 -RRB- , and the New King James -LRB- American , 1982 -RRB- , New Revised Standard -LRB- American , 1989 -RRB- and English Standard -LRB- American Protestant , 2001 -RRB- Versions .
The bones of the ear vibrate in the same way that of the object that started the sound wave .
The PRC government has never occupied Taiwan .
Most mathematicians today agree that both men share the credit equally .
The summer months are very hot and the winter months are very cold .
Computers have existed for much of human history .
Under the ` long scale ' a new name is given every time the number is a million times larger than the last named number .
Some animals eat only plants ; they are called herbivores .
Sometimes , ratio considered as a rational number .
Earlier stages in the development of the universe can be seen at great distances .
Ecocide is thought by some green economists to be accelerated by debt instruments which demand a yield -LRB- economics -RRB- greater than the ecological capacity to renew .
Many people think economics is just part of ecology now , and that economics that ignores it is wrong .
These digits would also not repeat .
Plastic is filling up the landfills and sometimes if you burn them , they release toxic fumes .
William Shakespeare wrote that the potato was an aphrodisiac , but there is no evidence to show this is true .
MediaWiki was released in 2003 .
There are many theories of how to run a government better , and keep people from hurting each other .
Galactic Astronomers attempt to understand the structure of galaxies and how they are formed and use different types of telescopes and computer simulations to do so .
Austria has been a member-state of the EU since 1995 .
Most of the Samis live in Norway and Sweden .
Computers can do some things easily -LRB- for example : simple math , or sorting out a list of names from A-to-Z -RRB- .
It took place on 6 December 1992 .
The national animal of Finland is the brown bear .
If it is done exactly right , the straight line will have the same slope as the curve , and is called a tangent .
They can add or remove rollback , IP block exempt and the flood flag for all accounts .
To `` be false to the married relation '' , called adultery , is when a married person has sex with a person other than his or her spouse .
The FBI did not find the samples .
Timur , the Turkic conqueror , took over a large part of the country in the end of 14th century .
We can use to like to say that we find a thing is good : : I like my house .
Technically , light does not have mass , but it does have momentum .
Sarah , Lucy , Ellen , Claire , Ben .
There are several types of chemistry .
After the railways were built , London grew very big .
The vertebrates are divided into 5 groups , fish , birds , amphibians , reptiles and mammals .
It means things becoming more in order .
The roots of a tree are usually under the ground .
The flesh of the fruit is firm with a taste anywhere from sour to sweet .
They did this so that the craft could not crash into Europa , a moon which scientists think might have life .
It was not until 1492 , when the Catholic Monarchs got power , that Spain became a united country .
A chemical element is a substance that contains only one type of atom .
Many people believe that it is important to tell other people about their religion , so that they can believe as well .
Later philosophers such as Lucretius , Averroes , Avicenna and Baruch Spinoza altered or refined these divisions .
The Nationalists and Communists joined to fight Japan .
However there was real cultural and religious difference to cause problems : Troubadors , who combined some of the traditions of the Bards of the Celts , and Jews , were both part of the multicultural society in the South of France .
The two often work together , the theoretical predicts what should happen and the observational shows whether the prediction works .
The method integral calculus uses to find areas of shapes is to break the shape up into many small boxes , and add up the area of each of the boxes .
A mistake by the defenders of Beziers let thousands of attackers in .
The skin of different kinds of animals is very different .
When early people first banged pieces of wood together and enjoyed the sound , they were discovering music .
The top of the minaret is the highest point in the mosque , and usually the highest point in the area around the mosque .
This explains why two brown-haired parents can produce a blond-haired child .
Alexander the great defeated and conquered the Persian Empire in 330 BC .
To get the name of the isotope we look at how many protons and neutrons it has in its nucleus and add this to the name of the element .
Its phenomena are the things that happen like tides , winds , and earthquakes .
Other major airports with principal international service include London-Gatwick , Birmingham , Manchester and Glasgow .
Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number .
Sometimes people cook food by putting it directly into the fire , by wrapping the food in leaves before they put it into the fire , or holding it over a fire with a stick .
Sometimes ecology is compared to anthropology , because both use a lot of methods to study one thing we can not live without .
King Cunobelinus -LRB- or `` Cunobelin '' -RRB- was from Colchester .
Trees and shrubs take in carbon dioxide and give out oxygen .
But if people do not like Castro , they might be sent to jail .
He realized that comets make U-turns around the sun .
The name for this period -LRB- Renaissance -RRB- is a French word which means `` rebirth '' .
Sometimes it would be his eldest son , if he was capable of ruling .
The distance to a position from a starting place can be measured in the length , width and height directions .
Its atomic number is 1 , which makes it the simplest element in the entire universe .
People often think words are abbreviations when in fact they are acronyms .
A noun is a kind of word -LRB- see part of speech -RRB- that is usually the name of a person , place , thing , quality , or idea .
Modern physics is a term normally used to cover fields which rely on quantum theory , including quantum mechanics , atomic physics , nuclear physics , particle physics and condensed matter physics , as well as the more modern fields of general and special relativity .
They record every piece of information by writing down on paper or entering the information into a computer , so that they can build a picture of everything that is found .
Sally 's house is 120 meters east of Bob 's house :
It is commonly considered mild profanity , and is used to show disappointment or surprise .
Geometry is a kind of mathematics that studies the size , shapes , and positions of things .
; Asshole -LRB- U.K. Arsehole -RRB- â Anus ; also used to describe an unpleasant person .
Unstable atoms continue to be radioactive until they lose enough mass\/particles that they become stable .
Anarchists -LRB- such as Bakunin and Kropotkin in the 19th century -RRB- , often want a form of Marxism but ignoring some of their rules .
The objects in economic study are consumer goods , capital goods , and factors of production .
Information people put on the Internet is not always checked , and some may be not true .
The X-rays , gamma rays , ultraviolet light and parts of the infra-red spectrum were all opened to astronomy as observing telescopes were launched .
It is the largest out of the four terrestrial planets in mass and diameter .
and was forced to make a choice .
Imagine spending your life writing things down on index cards , storing them , and then having to go find them again .
The name `` calculus '' was the Latin word for a small stone the ancient Romans used in counting and gambling .
An image format is not Transparent if used for any substantial amount of text .
He wrote the children 's book The Jungle Book .
Croke Park is the usual venue for all Ireland huling and football finals .
Anyone who wants to be President of Italy must have Italian citizenship , be at least 50 years old , and must be able to hold political and civil rights .
Algebra was first used to solve equations .
The term `` multiverse '' was coined by psychologist William James .
Many other animals with backbones also have five digits .
There are exceptions , but this is usually done by the fish contracting muscles on either side of its body in order to generate waves of flexion that travel the length of the body from nose to tail , generally getting larger as they go along .
These rules are listed on the CheckUser policy page .
-LRB- absurd means means silly and meaningless . -RRB-
To get rid of suffering and get this peace , they follow a set of teachings called the Four Noble Truths â '' a central tenet to their philosophy .
Mormon farmers first lived there in 1854 .
In the East of Europe , churches usually had domes .
Jupiter can be seen with the naked eye .
Dictionaries need to be updated frequently because of the way language changes .
-LRB- citation needed -RRB- In music , the term ` Baroque ' applies to the final period of dominance of imitative counterpoint , where different voices and instruments echo each other but at different pitches , sometimes inverting the echo , and even reversing thematic material .
Nauru has no official capital , but its biggest place is Yaren .
Non-English Wikipedias can also translate from the articles here .
Anarchists are a lot like Marxists , since they do not believe that all people are equal , but they believe -LRB- opposite to Marxists -RRB- that a country can work without any organizations in it .
Its fruits have become better over thousands of years .
Librarians help people find books and information .
These particles are so small -LRB- much smaller than an atom -RRB- that we can not observe them to see their shape .
The base ten number system is common because people have ten fingers and ten toes .
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun in the Solar System .
It is in the species Malus domestica in the rose family Rosaceae .
There are also dictionaries which translate words into foreign languages .
There may also be clouds of water vapor similar to clouds on Earth .
It is also only possible for trees which are solid to the center of the tree ; many very old trees become hollow as the dead heartwood decays away .
They were usually considered Gnostics .
Some libraries also have other things that people might like , such as magazines , music on CDs , or computers where people can use the Internet .
The language of the Roman Empire was Latin .
In 1924 in Chamonix , in 1968 in Grenoble and in 1992 in Albertville -RRB- .
But they must not be the main point of the article .
The mile was first used by the Romans .
But , if we find a house that is not made of wood , we know that our theory is false .
Natural hair color can be given only by genes .
Tom 's displacement is 0 metres , because Tom started at A and finished at A.
A `` swinging rhythm '' also gets the people who are listening excited , because they like the sound of it .
If performing the prayer is difficult , for example for ill people , then exceptions are made .
This name is the scientific classification of that species .
Some philosophers call ethics the `` science of morality '' .
A young woman or a girl may sell for as much as US$ 1,000 in Thailand .
This happened after he said he lost samples of Yersinia pestis .
International standards are uniform in analyzing damage potential and sizing TPZs -LRB- tree protection zones -RRB- to minimize damage .
This lets them quickly undo all the changes by a user to a page if they are the newest changes .
For this reason , there are many variations in the way the commandments are written .
It says only four of the ten dimensions can be observed by us , and that the others hint at the other forces that are observed .
Some are about specific topics .
You can think of mass as the amount of stuff that is in an object , in a way that does not depend on how much space it takes up .
The details differ greatly from mosque to mosque and from country to country .
The UK still has strong economic , cultural , military and political influence and is a nuclear power .
As a young child in Canada , Morissette began to act on television , including 5 episodes of the long-running series , You Ca n't Do That on Television .
A larger , ` collective ' , mosque is called a masjid jÄ mi .
The simple metaphor may be contrasted against metaphors which have multiple elements and meanings , for example in the compound metaphor or complex metaphor .
These things are known as algebraic structures .
February gets its day back when the leap year adjustment is made .
Pop singers normally sing with microphones that are plugged into an amplifier and a loudspeaker .
The apple has a small , deciduous tree that grows up to 3 t tall .
A common mistake -LRB- wrong thing -RRB- is that trees get most of their mass from the ground .
In symbols :
When the Simple English Wikipedia began , the ordinary English Wikipedia already had 150,000 articles , and seven other Wikipedias in other languages had over 15,000 articles .
Afghanistan is a largely rural country .
Elements in a group have electrons arranged in similar ways , which gives them similar chemical properties -LRB- they behave in similar ways -RRB- .
There is only one queen bee in each hive and she is bigger than the rest .
This probably refers to growing plants in spring .
Other composers , such as Franz Schubert wrote songs for a singer and a piano player called Lied -LRB- the German word for `` song '' -RRB- .
This was dry and apparently uninhabitable land , and they found no economic reasons to stay .
A section `` Entitled XYZ '' means a named subunit of the Document whose title either is precisely XYZ or contains XYZ in parentheses following text that translates XYZ in another language .
The name for Google 's main office , the `` Googleplex , '' is a play on a different , even bigger number , the `` googolplex '' , which is 1 with 1 googol of 0 's .
Dr. Thomas C. Butler , a US expert in this organism was charged in October 2003 by the FBI with various crimes .
3 .
Most of these are produced by fermentation of the fungus called Mucor miehei .
As it rises it gets colder again and falls .
All Wikimedia projects run on MediaWiki version .
Other languages , for example Chinese , use different names .
The pope also started to hold total authority over what was called `` Christendom '' .
March is the third month of the year .
In order by number of people , the largest cities in Argentina are Buenos Aires , CÃ rdoba , Rosario , Mendoza , La Plata , TucumÃ n , Mar del Plata , Salta , Santa Fe , and BahÃ a Blanca .
After 1681 , women were accepted too .
This is due to the fact that until recently , the island was off-limits to all but family members , US Navy personnel , government officials and expressly invited guests .
Most philosophers work by asking questions and looking for good definitions -LRB- meanings -RRB- of words to help them understand what a question means .
Today Australia is a rich , peaceful and democratic country .
This immunological memory is due to the biology of T-cells and B-cells .
This can be written down as 3 Ã -- 5 = 15 , or spoken as `` three times five equals fifteen . ''
The term is most commonly associated with both state and nation , and also with government .
Peace within and among states is a goal of many people and organizations .
Americans owned most of Cubaâ s businesses .
When a sound source is moving towards someone , the frequency seems to increase .
It most often refers to studying government in high school to prepare to be a good citizen .
The qiblah wall is usually at the other side of the entrance to the prayer hall .
There are many mixed metaphors on the Internet , such as boot -LRB- Which used to mean a shoe -RRB- and link -LRB- Which used to mean a join in a metal chain -RRB- .
People sometimes write `` ASAP '' for `` As Soon As Possible '' .
Math is used in physics to make models that try to guess what will happen in nature .
In 1836 , a free-settler colony was started in South Australia , where no convicts were ever sent .
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius -LRB- 212 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- .
It has 31 days .
Sometimes people talk about how they have a `` personal philosophy '' , which means the way a person thinks about the world .
This is because Spanish and English have different rules about word order .
Sound waves with higher amplitude -LRB- more vibration -RRB- have higher intensity .
This means they are still helium , as the element is defined by the number of protons , but they are not normal helium either .
A five year old would probably know about 5000 words .
Some parties are formed around a single issue or interest group .
Because of the bulge , the length of the equator of Jupiter is much longer than the length from pole to pole .
Historically , many types of American English can be found in old local dialects of England .
The motherboard is connected to a power supply , which provides electricity to the entire computer .
Due to plate tectonics the Earth 's crust basically floats on the thick liquid rock of the mantle below .
Elements can be classified based on physical states .
The most important of these were Carnuntum -LRB- near Vienna -RRB- , Virunum -LRB- north of Klagenfurt -RRB- and Teurnia -LRB- near Spittal an der Drau -RRB- .
It is the third largest river in Canada .
Proper nouns begin with an upper case -LRB- capital -RRB- letter in English and many other languages that use the Roman alphabet .
In early times , Christians tried to solve this problem .
The western part of Denmark is the peninsula of Jylland -LRB- pronounced yut-land -RRB- , bordering Germany .
This time , the peace with the Soviet Union made Finland and Germany enemies .
Similarly , women who come to the mosque are expected to wear loose clothing , shirts , pants that cover to the wrists and ankles and cover their heads such as with a hijab .
People can also catch fish with fishing poles and fishhooks with bait .
A lot of Irish people also left Ireland and immigrated to the United States , Canada , Australia , and South America while the island was ruled by Britain .
If not , one has paid the fee , and presumably this can pay for landfill or litter control measures that dispose of say a broken bottle .
The science of ecology is about plants and animals as a whole , while biology tends to study each of these animals by themself .
Nouns can sometimes describe other nouns -LRB- such as a soccer ball -RRB- .
118 different chemical elements are known to modern chemistry .
In economics , scarcity is the result of people having `` Unlimited Wants and Needs , '' or always wanting something new , and having `` Limited Resources . ''
That final 's ' is a remnant of Anglo-Saxon , which had more suffixes .
Russian has more about defecation and the lower digestive tract .
Helium is a chemical element .
Music is often important in religious celebrations .
The electromagnetism of the nucleus is not enough to hold onto their electrons and they lose them to the strong attraction of smaller atoms
For example , the cathdral in Ulm , Germany is over 500 feet tall .
The main range is the Hindu Kush , which stretches southwest from the Vakhan .
France built a large colonial empire in the 18th and 19th centuries .
Although Native people such as the Lenape and Canarsees had lived there for many thousands of years , New York City was first explored by Europeans in the 1500 's .
The population of Cuba is close to 13 million .
Some bacteria developed photosynthesis , which lets plants make food from the Sun 's light and water .
Either we should move wholesale to a more phonetic spelling , or not .
A person who is an expert in geography is a geographer .
In many religions there are people who take the role of `` priest '' and spend their lives teaching others about the religion .
The sepal is a leaf that protects a flower as a bud .
The first minaret was built in 665 in Basra during the reign of the Umayyad caliph Muawiyah I. Muawiyah encouraged the building of minarets , as they were supposed to be the same as bell towers on Christian churches .
This is a type of trade .
In a single sentence , the Fundamental Theorem runs something like this : `` The integral of the derivative of a function f is the function itself '' .
The first day of January is called New Year 's Day .
Soon after this the Soviet Union began to fight against Japan and the Japanese army in Manchuria lost .
It has 31 days .
Their dangling stamens produce lots of pollen that is light enough to be carried by the wind .
Calculus is a branch of mathematics which looks at things that change over time .
The city of Lihue , on the island 's southeast side , is the seat of Kauai County .
A party with more than half the seats -LRB- a majority -RRB- forms the government ; the leader of the party becomes the Prime Minister , who then appoints other ministers .
This had become clear when it lost the Opium Wars to Britain in the 19th century .
Mathematics -LRB- sometimes shortened as `` maths '' or `` math '' -RRB- , is the study of numbers , shapes and patterns .
When we speak , we use the native-person 's grammar , or as near as we can .
In about 1165 the first Cathars said that the Church was `` full of ravening wolves and hypocrites '' and `` worshipping the wrong God '' , right in front of the most powerful Catholics .
These genes may not be the color of their hair , however , many people carry genes that are recessive and do not show in their traits or features .
That means that one molecule of sugar is made up of six carbon atoms , twelve hydrogen atoms and six oxygen atoms .
The magnetic field is probably caused by the large amounts of liquid metallic hydrogen in the core of Jupiter .
Most of the time the independent variable is written as x and the dependent variable is written as y , for example , in y = 3x + 1 .
The matter that can be seen is spread throughout the universe , when averaged over distances longer than 300 million light-years .
Both are unique , it is therefore difficult to say when music really started .
In 1898 H. G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds , a famous novel about Martians attacking the Earth .
Safavids and Mughals sometimes occasionally oppressed the Afghans .
Computers store data and the instructions telling them what to do with the data as numbers , because computers can do things with numbers very quickly .
Haik was the name of a great-great-grandson of Noah .
For a rhythm to be a `` swinging rhythm '' it has to feel natural and relaxed .
In New York City is located about 5600 skyscrapers and 48 of them are over 200 metres tall , which is the highest number of skyscrapers in one area in the world .
After the invention of the waltz , around 1800 , another style of dancing developed .
Waimea , on the island 's southwest side and once the capital of Kauai , was the first place visited by explorer Captain James Cook in 1778 .
Aborigines invented tools like the boomerang and spear , but did not farm .
Sometimes experiments are done to explore nature , and in other cases experiments are performed to produce data to compare with the predictions of theories .
Parish clergy had low morale .
Every synagogue has a raised platform called the â Bimahâ .
This all-embracing definition was not adopted by most later philosophers , but something similar is in quantum physics .
Later , after coins had been used for hundreds of years , paper money started out as a promise to pay in coin , much like an `` I.O.U. '' note .
Many academic theologians -LRB- such as German Old Testament scholar A. Alt : Das Verbot des Diebstahls im Dekalog -LRB- 1953 -RRB- -RRB- suggest that commandment `` you shall not steal '' was originally intended against stealing people â '' against abductions and slavery .
To `` desire ... your neighbor 's house , or his wife , or his servant or his ox '' , implies that wives and servants were owned by a man in Moses ' time , although this is not so today .
Many dictionaries have a different sort of information to encyclopedias .
The people of the United Kingdom vote for a members of Parliament to speak for them and to make laws for them .
The Indian religions are similar to one another in many ways : The basic beliefs , the way worship is done and several religious practices are very similar .
Decimal numbers and fractions are not integers .
Some mobile phones , automatic teller machines , microwave ovens , CD players and cars are examples of embedded computers .
In 1801 , Joseph Marie Jacquard used punched paper cards to tell his textile loom what kind of pattern to weave .
Because Google is so popular -LRB- over 50 % of web users use it -RRB- it has been used to mean `` to search the web '' .
Australia is made up of six states and two mainland territories .
Marco 's country fought a war from 1670 to 1675 .
One understanding on this comes from Roman Catholicism : they hold that `` likenesses '' may be built and used , as long as the object is not worshipped .
Soap -LRB- s -RRB- are similar to detergents , but they are generally made from animal fat -LRB- s -RRB- rather than oils .
The best known Ancient Greek writers of plays are Aeschylus , Sophocles , Euripides and Aristophanes .
The other colonies soon followed .
Current thinking in cosmology is that the age of the Universe is 13.73 -LRB- Â 0.12 -RRB- billion years , and that the diameter of the Universe is at least 93 billion light years , or 8.80 metres .
Here are some examples :
For administration purposes , India has been divided into smaller pieces .
In most countries , people have formed political partiess to put forward their ideas .
August is the eighth month of the year .
; Prick This term refers to the penis , and also as an insult for an unpleasant person .
Later , people in Western Europe in the Middle Ages made Romanesque architecture , then Gothic architecture .
Some people in France also speak Basque , Breton , Catalan , Corsican , German , Flemish , and Occitan .
The circumference of the Earth is about 40,000 kilometers ; the average width of the Earth is about 12,700 km .
After 1492 , Spain was under Christian control .
This is bi-modal , or has two modes .
Less common , but important operating systems are Linux , Unix , and Solaris .
Since Mercury is normally lost in the glare of the Sun , unless there is a solar eclipse , Mercury can only be seen in the morning or evening twilight .
So the government said it would take in people in Europe who had lost their homes in the war .
Andouille makers smoke the sausages over pecan wood and sugar cane for a maximum of seven or eight hours , at about 175 degrees Fahrenheit -LRB- 80 degrees Celsius -RRB- .
The pressure at the center of Neptune is millions of times more than that on the surface of Earth .
A definition is an exact word or phrase of the meaning , nature , or limits of something .
Here they are in order from the Sun , with the planets numbered , and the dwarf planets marked with the letters a - e.
In the 1980s and 90s , the Labor Party under Bob Hawke and Paul Keating , then the Liberal Party under John Howard made lots of changes to the economy .
When a human being is killed by the action or fault of another human being , this event is called a homicide .
A person who studies mankind and society is called an anthropologist .
Known also as the `` Garden Isle '' , Kaua ` i lies 105 miles -LRB- 170 kilometers -RRB- across the Kaua ` i Channel , northwest of Honolulu on O'ahu .
Plants which specialise in desert areas are called xerophytes .
Amino acids are used to build new proteins that are used as enzymes , hormones , or antibodies .
The word fruit is used only if it comes from the part of the flower which was an ovary .
The tree came from Central Asia .
Then , in the 18th Century , the Industrial Revolution happened and people began to invent machines to make things quickly and cheaply .
A small piece of land in Manhattan is international territory and it belongs to the United Nations to use for its buildings .
For example , a `` warm freezer '' could be right .
Here are the words in French .
Dances may be planned in detail , or they may be whatever dancers feel like doing .
Diarrhea is often treated with aspirin or glucose - these reduce pain and may stop some symptoms for a while .
Finland is located between the 60th and 70th latitudes North .
Usually means a person who has bad priorities or reasoning , or the act of masturbating -LRB- `` jerking off '' -RRB- .
If Elena Rodriguez Gomez and Jose Sanchez Soria marry , she may change her name to Elena Rodriguez de Sanchez , and their child could be named Pilar Sanchez Rodriguez , taking the names of both of her grandfathers .
This means the nucleus is either too big to hold itself together or has too many protons , electrons or neutrons .
There are words from the Celts , Anglo Saxons , Vikings , Romans , and French .
Australia has hosted the 1956 and 2000 Summer Olympics , and has ranked in the top five medal-winners since 2000 .
Between the 17th and mid 20th-centuries Britain was an important world power and built a colonial empire that gave it control over large areas of Africa , Asia , North America and Oceania .
In the Bronze Age people built bigger settlements and fortresses , especially where there were mineral resources .
There are two types of Chinese writing , Traditional and Simplified .
It is separated from Asia by a traditional eastern boundary that includes the Ural Mountains in Russia and the Bosporus in Turkey , and from Africa by the Mediterranean Sea to Balkans .
Flowers are the reproductive organ only of flowering plants -LRB- Angiosperms -RRB- .
Some products -LRB- like the Windows operating system -RRB- are already installed when people buy a new computer .
A synagogue will always have a big room for prayers .
Cayley tried to solve a problem from differential calculus .
This was largely because Ireland was poor under British rule and the Irish had to go to other countries for opportunities .
Most people living in Taiwan -LRB- sometimes called Taiwanese -RRB- are Han .
An ethnic group is a group of people who are considered to be the same in some way .
If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit legibly , you should put the first ones listed -LRB- as many as fit reasonably -RRB- on the actual cover , and continue the rest onto adjacent pages .
Thus , a very rough estimate from these numbers would suggest there are around one sextillion -LRB- 1021 -RRB- stars in the observable universe ; though a 2003 study by Australian National University astronomers resulted in a figure of 70 sextillion -LRB- 7 x 1022 -RRB- .
It is the closest planet to the sun .
The main idea behind string theory is that this is wrong , and that these small particles are instead shaped as tiny loops of string .
And Mike Smith 's father may be James Smith .
Hawaii became a state on August 21 , 1959 .
Australia is multicultural , which means that all its people are helped to keep their different languages , religions and ways of life , while also learning English and joining in with other Australians .
Each school offers many courses that students take to earn a degree .
When we write , we try to write with correct usage grammar .
There are also vegetarian types that use textured vegetable protein in place of meat .
To see a list of 100 adjectives used in Basic English , click here
Some comets orbit -LRB- go around -RRB- together in groups .
There are rules for adding numbers that people learn .
The soul is the `` I '' in `` I exist '' that feels and lives life .
Spain owned this empire for more than three hundred years .
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital .
Major routes developed in the mid 20th Century were adapted to the needs of the motor car .
: ways of linking : sink or swim .
A few examples are , `` to pass away '' , `` to go to a better place '' , `` to buy the farm '' -LRB- generally used in the military -RRB- , and `` to kick the bucket . ''
Afghanistanâ s centrality in the Silk Road created a rich mosaic of cultures and civilizations .
A person uses a computer by telling it to do things , like playing movies or going to Wikipedia .
As it is the capital city , Madrid is where the monarch lives and also where the government meets .
Most mosques have minarets .
Most music includes people singing with their voices or playing musical instruments , such as the piano , guitar , or drums .
They came from espcially from Italy and Greece , other countries in Europe .
The Roman Empire would last another 1,000 years as the Byzantine Empire in the east .
Thus , a temple is a general term for a house of worship .
There are 56 recognized minority ethnic minority groups in China .
It does not mean the website is safe -RRB-
The shadow of the Inquisition fell over the south of France .
Sausages may be used as a meal , in a sandwich , or in other foods like stews .
He must now think about of how he will do it .
An automated list of accounts with administrator rights is available at Special : ListAdmins .
Linear algebra describes ways to solve and manipulate -LRB- rearrange -RRB- systems of linear equations .
John von Neumann talked about this design in the paper First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC , distributed in 1945 .
For example , cat is the name of a kind of animal .
In some languages , such as French , there is more profanity about religion than most other topics .
Peace of mind , serenity , and calmness are descriptions of a disposition free from the effects of stress .
Robert Stanley Weir wrote English words for the song in 1908 .
The chance of any number between 1 and 6 landing is 1 .
The U.S. has one of the oldest constitutions that people are still using , and it has been changed -LRB- amended -RRB- many times over the years .
Inner peace -LRB- or peace of mind -RRB- refers to a state of being mentally and spiritually at peace , with enough knowledge and understanding to keep oneself strong in the face of discord or stress .
From about 1900 onwards is called the `` modern period '' .
They use special equipment and clothing to do reactions and keep the chemicals contained .
Japan is separated from the Asian continent by the East Sea or the Sea of Japan and the East China Sea .
Famous trademarks like Coca-Cola and Nike are used for branding whole families of products .
Some people also include spiritual health , which talks about the spirit or soul .
These dictionaries perform the same task as `` Dictionaries which explain the meaning of words , '' but make the process more efficient .
Gradually , as more and more people came to live there , the villages joined together into one huge city which is now called `` London '' or Greater London .
In ordinary life , death is when the heart stops beating and the lungs stop breathing for more than several minutes .
Because Mars is the one of the closest planets to Earth in the Solar System , some people have wondered if there is any kind of life on Mars .
Australian soldiers were sent to Gallipoli , in Turkey .
Jews who speak Spanish or Portuguese call synagogues esnoga .
The second is the MESSENGER spacecraft , which mapped another 30 % during its trip to Mercury on January 14 , 2008 .
Shorthand is where a word is written in a shorter way because it is quicker and easier to type .
Ernest Rutherford said that `` Physics is the only real science .
To stay safe chemists experiment with chemicals in a chemical lab .
Hair texture is also inherited genetically .
An asteroid is a small object in the Solar System that travels around the sun .
The storm resembled the Great Red Spot of Jupiter .
3 .
As farms and villages grew and thrived in Afghanistan , these ancient people eventually devised methods of irrigation that allowed them to grow crops on the northern Afghanistan desert plains in what would later be known to the West as Bactria .
Geographers need to know a lot about maps because maps are very important for understanding geography .
In Australia at this time , the trade unions were very strong , and they started a political party , the Australian Labor Party .
All the content in Wikipedia is open under the rules of the GNU Free Documentation License , a very well-known open content license .
There is also different types of lures that can be used .
On the first day of the Spring Festival , people call on friends and relatives .
The works of Ramsey on colorations and more specially the results obtained by TurÃ n in 1941 was at the origin of another branch of graph theory , extremal graph theory .
He was from Edinburgh .
The rural population is made up of farmers and nomads .
It is important to respect the different types of people who are writing articles in the Simple English Wikipedia , and to be friendly with people who have trouble speaking English .
Careful studies of the distribution of these galaxies and their spectral lines have led to much of modern cosmology .
At room temperature and pressure , most elements are solids , only 11 are gases and 2 are liquids .
A lot of land in Australia -LRB- like Uluru -RRB- has been returned to Aboriginal people , but lots of Aborigines are still poorer than everybody else .
When the war ended , Australia felt that it needed many more people to fill the country up and to work .
The Romans lived there for several centuries .
For example , the position `` God exists and this can be proven '' is sometimes called `` gnostic theism '' or `` strong theism '' .
Some things that are crimes in one country are not crimes in other countries .
Distance is how far one thing is from another thing .
They are :
It makes one trip around the Sun once every 87.969 days .
In solids like sugar , the molecules can only vibrate .
To multiply two complex numbers is complicated .
The process of making plastics is usually quite complicated .
The House of Commons holds primacy .
The idea of trading things is very old .
Hydrogen will have a chemical reaction when mixed with most other elements .
They came to be thought of as profanity mostly after the Normans brought French and Latin words for them to England .
One spin is called a day and one orbit around the Sun is called a year .
Most men are bald but girls and woman are only bald if they loose their hair from a desise called Alipecia .
For example , the `` spirit of a law '' is the meaning of the law which the creator wanted .
However , they give cider a rich flavor that dessert apples can not .
Rather than seeing slower winds , the scientists found faster winds -LRB- over 1600 km\/h -RRB- on more distant Neptune .
`` The large and varied lexicon of English has been bought at the expense of an increasingly deversified graphology '' .
Her first album was released only in Canada in 1990 .
The most accurate model so far comes from the SchrÃ dinger equation .
Another example is the Nike company which makes sporting goods like shoes and clothes .
The mask was to â meltâ into the face and allow the actor to vanish into the role .
The planet is made of ice , gases and liquid metal .
It will result in a little fever .
In the year 2000 , approximately 53 % of the world 's population felt part of one of the three main Abrahamic religions -LRB- 33 % Christian , 20 % Islam , less than 1 % Judaism -RRB- , 6 % with Buddhism , 13 % with Hinduism , 6 % with traditional Chinese religion , 7 % with various other religions , and less than 15 % as non-religious .
Theoretical astronomy uses maths and computer models to predict what should happen .
The Ancient Greeks and Romans made what we now call Classical Architecture .
The way they work , and how they act with other atoms has to be seen using equations .
It is hard to remember all the steps !
A vector is a list of numbers .
Most people accept the scientific method as the most reliable way to get knowledge about nature , the universe , and the human body .
`` What Wikipedia is not '' has a good list of things which we are not doing .
Then , in the 1930s , they invented digital computers , which made them easier to program .
Inverse proportion = Downwards sloping line , Direct proportion = Upwards sloping line with a circle at the origin .
It can live for many years .
There are also pronouns .
Some philosophers are from the Middle Ages in Europe , such as William of Ockham or Saint Thomas Aquinas .
The city of Rome was taken over several times by barbarians , notably in 410 AD when the Goths sacked the city -LRB- stole the goods -RRB- .
In areas where many people do not have enough food , we say that there is famine there .
Many Danes were fishermen or merchants .
If one returns the bottle , the fee is returned , and the supplier must return the bottle for re-use or recycling .
The European Union is made up of most of the countries in Europe .
The book was then given the name ` Algebra ' .
example dice having six number denotes 6 faces .
But it changed to Monobook before the new Vector skin came up in 1.16 .
Although many scientists , including Einstein , had speculated that Î was zero , recent astronomical observations of type Ia supernovae have detected a large amount of dark energy that is accelerating the universe 's expansion .
When a new computer is bought in some places , laws require that the cost of its waste management must also be paid for .
Another early piece of written music that has survived was a round called Sumer Is Icumen In .
Politicians , and sometimes other people , may get together to form a government .
String theory proponents say some dimensions may not be visible to us , but others doubt there can be 6 or more hidden dimensions , or that we will never be able to access them even if they do exist .
Ad hominem is a Latin term .
Chromates can cause cancer .
It was sensible to install the windows with the thick edge at the bottom .
Any media can be open content , from text and pictures to video and sound .
The most famous mountain range in India is the Himalayas , which have some of the tallest mountains in the world .
There are also rules for adding numbers that are built into machines .
It is the main city on the island .
These two main activities in physics , data collection and theory production and testing , draw on many different skills .
Today this empire does not exist , although Britain retains links with some of its former empire .
With this goes a higher rate of metabolism , and heat-retaining fur .
Some of the countries where there is still slavery are in Africa , the Middle East , and South Asia .
This view is called libertarianism .
Swearing oaths can also be considered wrong by some who follow Jesus ' teaching against swearing oaths in the Gospels -LRB- such as Matt .
The sign for addition is '' + '' .
Afghanistan 's rivers are fed by melting snow and glaciers in the mountains .
People have made encyclopedias for hundreds of years , but the name `` encyclopedia '' is from the 16th century .
Cytology is the study of the cells , especially their appearance and structure .
They encourage hair regrowth and thickening , but work better if applied before hair loss turns to baldness .
The inverse square law shows how sound intensity gets less farther from the sound source .
Microeconomics is about smaller and more specific things such as how families and households spend their money .
Kabul , the capital , is the largest city .
it has many senses which can let him feel pain or other things
Others form policies to address all matters of government , known as a `` platform '' .
June is named for the Roman goddess Juno , the wife of Jupiter .
Paradox can never be removed from any symbol system that makes claims about itself .
Translated to English , ad hominem means against the person -LRB- Latin homo , where hominem is a form is gender-neutral .
The exception is if Wikipedia editors -LRB- including named and unnamed editors -RRB- have permission to use it .
Dalton believed that all atoms of the same element have the same mass. .
The word encyclopedia at first meant the teachings of the school .
A more intuitive approach is to draw an imaginary circle of radius r centered at the origin .
It has the lowest boiling point of all the elements .
Doctors who work with people 's feet are podiatrists or chiropodists .
It was first sung in French in 1880 .
It is on the rainy east side of the island .
Irregular vibrations are noise .
In `` knife '' , the `` k '' is not spoken , even though in English it 's more common to pronounce `` K `` s when they are in words .
In Hinduism , there is only one God , named Brahman , but Brahman is said to have taken on many different incarnations .
Algorithms are ways to solve problems or do things .
Later , in the cell cytoplasm , the sugars may be turned into amino acids for proteins , nucleotides for DNA and RNA , and carbohydrates such as starch .
In other places , where there are caves , the small underground streams run together to form a river .
When the acceleration is negative -LRB- but the velocity does not change direction -RRB- , it is sometimes called deceleration .
Example : `` You snipped that top cheese ! ''
In many countries , governments and other groups of people protect important sites so that they will not be destroyed and so that visitors can always come and see them .
Creativity is a central question in economics , where it is known as ingenuity -LRB- the ability to come up with new ideas -RRB- or individual capital - capacities that individuals have , that do not arise from simple imitation of what is known already .
Peace is a state of balance and understanding in yourself and between others , where respect is gained by the acceptance of differences , tolerance persists , conflicts are resolved through dialog , people 's rights are respected and their voices are heard , and everyone is at their highest point of serenity without social tension .
Neptune turned out to have the strongest winds of all the solar system 's gas giants .
Some people say this makes the theory unscientific .
There are only 25-30 VolapÃ 1\/4 k speakers in the world today .
On that night , between sunset and sunrise , mosques employ speakers to teach the worshipers about Islam .
It was natural for the Greeks to assume that the Earth was stationary and that the heavens rotated about the Earth , because careful astronomical and physical measurements -LRB- such as the Foucault pendulum -RRB- are required to prove otherwise .
: sentences with two types of expression : nouns and verbs : Jill is here .
is a philosophical question itself .
Mao Zedong gradually took over the power within the Communist Party whose army was called the `` Red Army . ''
Voyageurs , coureurs des bois , and Catholic missionaries used river canoes to explore the interior of the North American continent .
During this process , four Hydrogen atoms are fused together to form one Helium atom .
Most galaxies are believed to have a supermassive black hole at their center .
; Jerkoff -LRB- also `` jerk off '' -RRB- Refers to masturbation .
The last natural element discovered was uranium , in 1789 .
The leaves take in sunlight and use water and food from the roots to make the tree grow , and to reproduce .
Nevertheless , English has its own quite special characteristics .
Language is the normal way humans communicate .
This number and the percentage of unfamiliar words is put into a formula .
They believed that they had grown from the land , so it was like their mother , and they belonged to the land .
But with help from the United States , the Japanese were stopped .
Because almost everyone agrees that these things are true , they are `` neutral point of view '' and okay as the main point of the article .
Australia has participated in every summer Olympic Games since 1896 , and every Commonwealth Games .
These faint rings and dust bands may exist only temporarily or consist of a number of separate arcs , which are sometimes detected during occultations .
Strange or rare opinions can be stated as side matters with details about who says them .
During the 1300s , this epidemic struck parts of Asia , North Africa , and Europe .
But some nouns are only singular -LRB- such as furniture , physics -RRB- and others are only plural -LRB- such as clothes , police -RRB- .
People who grow these plants or raise these animals are called farmers .
Each line of Chinese is written starting at the top of the page and working downwards .
The most common kind of German blutwurst is made from fatty pork meat , beef blood and filler such as barley .
He must be a free and honest man .
The Eastern Orthodox Church has a very similar position .
But they were the first to design a system that describes how things change over time and can predict how they will change in the future .
Earth is the only place in the universe where life has been confirmed to exist .
In 2008 Beijing hosted the Olympic Games .
Site is also a common abbreviation in net jargon for `` website '' .
Both times , it did not work well , and had to be stopped because the banks kept running out of coins to pay on the notes .
This is a process called Occam 's razor .
... Where Webster found fault with Johnson , Joseph Worcester saluted him ... In 1846 he completed his Universal and critical dictionary of the English Language .
They have these features :
There are 20 amino acids , and they are all a bit different .
Joseph Hadyn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart were so powerful in their music that they influenced the western style of music .
For example , an alarm clock is a embedded computer : it tells the time .
In literature , a mythology was notably developed by J.R.R. Tolkien , his Two Trees of Valinor playing a central role in his 1964 Tree and Leaf .
Followers of the Maliki school of Islamic jurisprudence disagree .
If a section in the Document is Entitled `` Acknowledgements '' , `` Dedications '' , or `` History '' , the requirement -LRB- section 4 -RRB- to Preserve its Title -LRB- section 1 -RRB- will typically require changing the actual title .
SUVs are much less fuel-efficient than cars .
During the 17th century , Pierre Corneille , Jean Racine , MoliÃ re Blaise Pascal and RenÃ Descartes were the main authors .
The word ink is from Latin and means `` colored water '' .
It worked like this .
Because of the bulge at the middle or the equator , the farthest point from the Earth 's center is the top of Mount Chimborazo in Ecuador .
Today we would say that these people were guilty of war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity .
It was the eighth month of the year before January and February were added to the beginning of the year .
Insulting someone 's mother directly is a serious insult in many cultures .
Matter is any physical material in the universe .
It is one of the largest palace in all of Western Europe .
Brazil is a country in South America .
For example , a candle will just sit there and nothing happens .
This carbon dioxide goes up into the atmosphere and traps more heat .
In particular , the term `` graph '' was introduced by Sylvester in an article published in 1878 in Nature .
There are special pots for making cheese .
Somebody has to pay for it , nothing is free .
A comedian who acted in the silent movies who used a lot of slapstick comedy was Charlie Chaplin .
German forces lost France in just a few months .
They found damaged and dying societies with people who had lost some of their most important leaders and thinkers .
There are three types of computers : desktop computers , mainframes , and embedded computers .
Food shortage is still a big problem in the world today .
They are able to control traffic lights , cars or locks .
For example , adding 10 to a number .
It takes politics to sort them out fully .
One of the problems we have is that similar sounding words may be spelt quite differently .
A complex metaphor happens where a simple metaphor is based on a secondary metaphoric element .
Deduction is a special way of thinking to discover and prove new truths using old truths .
Experimental physics focuses mainly on an empirical approach .
Acids and bases are common chemicals .
A political party is similar to a faction , and can be the same thing .
A geographer tries to describe how things are , while an ecologist thinks about changes that might happen in the future .
About 78 % of the overseas Chinese live in Asia .
red is also the meaning of strong deseperation for love or to be in a relationship .
There are some other linguistic patterns .
These vibrations let you hear different sounds .
Many work for the ranch owned by the Robinsons .
It was named Ceres , and is the biggest object in the asteroid belt .
In Ancient Greece , September was called Boedromion .
Fidel Castro is the most important man in Cuba .
There are more than 7,500 known cultivars of apples .
If you publish printed copies -LRB- or copies in media that commonly have printed covers -RRB- of the Document , numbering more than 100 , and the Document 's license notice requires Cover Texts , you must enclose the copies in covers that carry , clearly and legibly , all these Cover Texts : Front-Cover Texts on the front cover , and Back-Cover Texts on the back cover .
Natural numbers are the numbers which we normally use for counting , 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 etc. .
Jupiter protects the inner planets from comets by pulling them towards itself .
It is not toxic to water life .
In some cultures , people have the same `` family name '' -LRB- or surname -RRB- as their parents .
Google dislikes this use since the name of the company is a trademark .
In English , there are more nouns than any other kind of word .
A word like â putâ has many meanings .
An example is the Eiffel Tower in Paris .
The Council of Ministers , such as the Minister of Defense , help the Prime Minister .
Others believe that complicated answers to questions can also be right .
Sheep and goats have curly hair , which is usually called wool .
All known life on Earth is based on the chemistry of carbon compounds .
Some fruits that are called berries in English are not true berries by the use of words above .
This may deal with things like police , courts , or punishments .
They preached tolerance of other faiths .
It can also launch rockets from French Guiana .
There are flat shapes and solid shapes in geometry .
The famous sports players who are Australian include the cricketer Sir Donald Bradman , the swimmer Ian Thorpe and the athlete Cathy Freeman .
The whole area is often called a `` metropolis '' and can sometimes includes several small ancient towns and villages .
Philosophy is a way of thinking in the `` middle-ground '' that is between science and religion .
Infinity is really not an ordinary number , but it is sometimes used as one .
Another way that many SUVs are different from some regular cars is that many SUVs have four-wheel-drive , but most regular cars only have two-wheel-drive .
It is supported by over 850 columns .
This can be in the form of a percentage of the cost of the product that the other person sells called a royalty .
Mars 's atmosphere , of course , is too thin to protect Mars from meteors well , which is why the bottom half of Mars has so many craters .
If no one adopts it or the pet is too old\/sick , the pet may be killed .
The Paris Basin reaches a small fourth area at Belgium 's southernmost tip , Belgian Lorraine .
Several modern religions are linked to India , namely modern Hinduism , Jainism , Buddhism , Ayyavazhi and Sikhism .
Many factories and mills were built during , or after this revolution .
In Ireland they are called the Garda and in Russia they are called the Militsiyaner .
Over the centuries , more precise observations and better ideas of gravity led to Copernicus 's Sun-centred model .
Other major international events held regularly in Australia include the Australian Open , one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments , annual international cricket matches and the Formula One Australian Grand Prix .
It can be a formal , elegant , and prestigious color -LRB- black tie , black Mercedes , black taco -RRB- .
The prayers have all the worshippers present , including the imam , taking part .
Chiang Kai-shek and the Nationalists fled to Taiwan .
These most likely use diameter measured at breast height -LRB- dbh -RRB- , 4.5 f above groundâ '' not the larger base diameter .
The French team won the FIFA World Cup in 1998 and the UEFA European Football Championship in 1984 and 2000 .
Religions like Buddhism and Confucianism involve the worship of many gods , or sometimes no gods at all .
One of these rules is that it is considered rude to disturb another person who is worshipping .
The probability -LRB- p -RRB- of an event is always between zero -LRB- impossible -RRB- and one -LRB- certain -RRB- .
An oxymoron is made up of two or more words that seem to be opposite to each other , or actually are opposite .
Swing rhythm is not even like a march .
This is a leap year .

Many of the particles went through the gold foil , which proved that atoms are mostly empty space .
Another diagnostic feature is the neocortex of the brain , which no other vertebrate has .
Mathematics itself is seen as a language by many .
In addition to washing , there are other rules that also apply to those who enter the mosque , even if they do not wish to pray there .
The goldrushes of New South Wales and Victoria started in 1851 leading to large numbers of people arriving to search for gold .
The Internet can also be a dangerous place .
Here is a list of some of them :
`` Pop '' music is a type of popular music that many people like to listen to .
For example , if in a room there are 10 people with incomes of $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 20 , $ 20 , $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 100 , and $ 1,000,000 , the modes are $ 20 and $ 90 .
People use large oil wells to bring the oil to the top of the ground .
Its atmosphere has the highest wind speeds in the solar system , thought to be powered by the flow of internal heat .
There are currently administrators .
Infinity can be broken up in two different kinds ; potential and actual infinity .
For a long time people thought Earth was the center of the universe , and that the planets , the stars and the sun went around it .
Galen said these elements were used by Hippocrates to describe the human body .
The country is a member of the European Union , the United Nations , NATO and the G8 .
Hence , in informal usage , the word baroque can simply mean that something is `` elaborate '' , with many details , without reference to the Baroque styles of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries .
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this License `` or any later version '' applies to it , you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or of any later version that has been published -LRB- not as a draft -RRB- by the Free Software Foundation .
Its official name is the Commonwealth of Australia .
The name `` Ostarrichi '' is first written in an official document from 996 .
These moons are the largest .
The conflict became part of , and led to , World War II .
-LRB- However , in German , all nouns begin with an upper case letter . -RRB-
Australian music has had lots of world-wide stars from the opera singers Nellie Melba and Joan Sutherland , to the rock and roll bands Bee Gees , AC\/DC and INXS , the folk-rocker Paul Kelly , the pop singer Kylie Minogue and Australian country music stars Slim Dusty and John Williamson .
A national anthem is a song that the people of a country use to remember and respect their country .
Certain countries do not think the borders are where India thinks they are .
This Community is a large area which includes the city as well as small towns and villages outside the city .
1 .
Time Cube is a website created by Gene Ray .
Hindi and English -LRB- listed in boldface -RRB- are the `` official languages of the union '' -LRB- Union meaning the Federal Government located in Delhi -RRB- ; Tamil and Sanskrit are officially the `` classical languages of India . ''
In January 2011 , thousands of protesters gathered in Cairo .
In American English , people often call all places cities .
They have luxury features and more car-like suspensions and ride heights .
People do not make natural resources , but gather them from the earth .
The method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing .
The area , a , inside a circle is equal to the radius multiplied by itself , then multiplied by Ï -LRB- a equals Ï times -LRB- r times r -RRB- -RRB- .
; Thumbing -LRB- or `` fluting '' -RRB- one 's nose Performed by placing the tip of a thumb against the tip of the nose , then wiggling the fingers .
Making maps is called cartography , and similarly , people who make maps are cartographers .
Mars is too far away from the sun to get enough energy from the sun 's light , and the atmosphere is much too thin to keep the warmth inside .
In addition , 80.4 % of the population live on less than USD$ 2 a day .
Some examples of nouns in English are : time , people , way , year , government , day , world , life , work , part , number , house , system , company , end , party , information .
These people may come because they want to do business , or to live in a democracy , to join their family , or because they are refugees .
The word `` glass '' can also refer to a drink container .
Also there are cases of people with HIV who have lived a very long time - with almost no functioning immune system - only their positive attitude seems to make them different from those who die .
Australian soldiers were sent to Gallipoli , in Turkey .
The second time , he was never seen again .
A legal code is a written code of laws that are enforced .
Only one passage of Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by -LRB- or through arrangements made by -RRB- any one entity .
They are the Quba Mosque and Masjid al-Nabawi .
The standard Chinese pronunciation is based on Beijing dialect , so over 70 % foreigners who want to study Chinese go to Beijing for their studies .
In the year 2000 , Sydney had the Summer Olympics .
From when Europeans arrived , Argentina and the United States have used apples as food as well .
They tested people 's faith in God .
An encyclopedia -LRB- or encyclopÃ dia , cyclopÃ dia -RRB- is a collection -LRB- usually a book -RRB- of information about things humans know .
Copyright does not apply is some cases .
Arthur Phillip led them as the first Governor of New South Wales .
This is the opposite of what humans do .
In our verbs we have dropped most endings except one : I love , you love , but she loves .
MediaWiki can manage image and multimedia files , too , which are stored in the filesystem .
The Babylonians did a census around 3500BC , the Egyptians around 2500 BC , and the Ancient Chinese around 1000 BC .
People have to go by boat or airplane to reach these islands .
After the war , many factories were built in Finland .
Burning hydrogen combines with oxygen molecules to make steam -LRB- pure water -RRB- .
No one expects to find new planets , but more small objects are found every year .
My height is 64 inches .
Denmark does not currently have a King .
They are autotrophic eukaryotes , which means they have complex cells , and make their own food .
There can also be sub-species .
Multiplication is an arithmetic operation for finding the product of two numbers .
Sue has 12 jellybeans , Ann has 24 jellybeans .
Some parts of the city are very separate from the others because of water , such as Far Rockaway in Queens and City Island in The Bronx .
The Tiber River runs through the city of Rome .
The Communist Party of China controls the government .
We boil food by cooking it in water .
There are eight planets in the Solar System .
Many ghosts haunt the place they have died or a living loved one .
9 .
If he goes outside of his jurisdiction , he is no longer allowed to use his powers .
Probably all of these ideas are useful for something , like the many ideas of entropy , and the many ideas of life .
Many famous buildings existing today , especially skyscrapers like the Chrysler Building in New York could not have been built using traditional methods .
In June 2005 , a suicide bomber killed at least 19 people at an Afghan mosque .
Formal language in mathematics , logic and computing , such as Cobol or Fortran .
Larger mosques sometimes offer special , optional prayers .
This made France the smallest producer of carbon dioxide among the seven most industrialised countries in the world .
There is an exception to the rules of copyright , which is called fair use .
In Ancient Greece the Muses included the goddesses of music , poetry , art , and dance .
Some philosophers are full-time thinkers -LRB- called academics -RRB- , who work for universities or colleges .
Physics is used to describe the physical universe around us , and to predict how it will behave .
It has been commonly attacked by the northern people , such as Genghis Khan and Kublai Khan .
Think about playing cards , for example .
VolapÃ 1\/4 k conventions took place in 1884 , 1887 , and 1889 .
Europe is a continent , the western part of Eurasia .
Meanwhile others ' savings became worth less due to inflation .
The most common term for `` Universe '' among the ancient Greek philosophers from Pythagoras onwards was Ï Î Ï Î Î 1\/2 -LRB- The All -RRB- , defined as all matter -LRB- Ï Î Î Î '' Î Î 1\/2 -RRB- and all space -LRB- Ï Î Î Î Î 1\/2 Î Î 1\/2 -RRB- .
It was hard but flexible and transparent , and he called it `` Parkensine . ''
It has a land area of 70 sq . miles -LRB- 184 sq . km -RRB- .
Dance can be used to tell a story .
SchrÃ dinger realized that the electrons exist in a cloud around the nucleus , called the electron cloud .
The current mayor of New York is Michael Bloomberg , an Independent .
During a person 's leisure time , they do not have an obligation to be at school or work at a job .
One can maintain this argument in that Jesus himself maintained the Sabbath , although not within the restrictions that were mandated by Jewish traditions ; the Pharisees often tried Jesus by asking him if certain tasks were acceptable according to the Law -LRB- see : Luke 14:5 -RRB- .
In 1760 BC King Hammurabi , took ancient Babylonian law and organized it , and then had it chiseled in stone for the public to see in the marketplace .
Today Australia is a rich , peaceful and democratic country .
India has different climates .
They also need less power and do not break down as much as vacuum tubes .
In the winter , it does not get very cold ; in most years , there are only a few weeks of snow .
Some other fields in physics like astrophysics and geophysics are primarily observational sciences because most their data has to be collected passively instead of through experimentation .
The first were Vikings , and the second were from German tribes : the Angles , Saxons and Jutes .
King Louis XVI and his wife , Marie Antoinette , were executed in 1793 .
Some composers thought music was getting too complicated and so they wrote Minimalist pieces which use very simple ideas .
Drought sometimes causes serious problems for the country 's farmers .
By imitating an animal or object , the dancer believes he can capture a power and make it useful .
Some men have a lot of hair and a big beard , and some have very little .
Ireland is known for its beautiful landscapes , music , history , and mythology .
Nevertheless , there are still different forms of slavery in some countries .
Independence Day in the United States or Fourth of July is on July 4 .
Marco 's father was named Carlos and his mother was named Claudia .
Someone who makes maps is called a cartographer .
Most Danes have a three week summer holiday in July or August .
Can be taken to mean `` bite me '' , though it predates the common use of this phrase .
Some of them became visible during a series of ring plane-crossing events in 2007 .
France also hosts the 24 Hours of Le Mans car race .
Science is the study of all things both living and non-living in the environment around us .
Older people have an even smaller hearing range .
It does not refer to everything everybody thinks or does , but only to those things that everybody acts upon - or refuses to do - quite reliably .
Some examples of renewable resources are wood , solar energy , trees , wind , hydroelectric power , fish and sunlight .
It is used in many different areas of study such as physics , astronomy , biology , engineering , economics , medicine and sociology .
Diarrhea -LRB- DIE-uh-REE-uh -RRB- , also spelled diarrhoea , is feces that are runny or liquid .
In addition , you must do these things in the Modified Version :
There is much paranoia -LRB- fear -RRB- about it .
Some art is useful in a practical sense , such as a sculptured clay bowl that one can put things in .
His armies conquered most of continental Europe .
Some philosophers and scientists say that scientific theories are only accepted as long as they are the best explanation for the data that exists , and when theories no longer explain the data , they are discarded and replaced .
If all the seeds fell to the ground besides the plant , the area might become overcrowded .
During the 1980s and 1990s many new buildings were put up .
Because Australia is such a very large land , it was easy to think that it might be able to hold a very large number of people .
It completes its turn around itself in 17 hours and 14 minutes .
Although the matter and antimatter mostly annihilated one another , producing photons , a small residue of matter survived , giving the present matter-dominated universe .
There are three systems of group numbers ; one using Arabic numerals -LRB- 1,2,3 -RRB- and the other two using Roman numerals -LRB- I , II , III -RRB- .
The words nature and natural are used for all the things that are normally not made by humans .
You can have words that look opposite , but are right .
In their understanding , these images are not being worshipped .
This means it is basically a sphere but it bulges around the middle .
Intellectual interests -LRB- recognized as intellectual rights or intellectual property in the law -RRB- are a way to reward creativity in law , but they do not always work very well .
Many people dye their hair to hide gray or white hairs .
Many famous composers have written religious music .
It is made by Adobe Systems .
Financial capital is used to pay for things , this is because there is always more of it and people always want it .
There is not a lot of space .
The main idea in calculus is called the `` Fundamental Theorem of Calculus '' .
The newly discovered outer rings of Uranus are similar to the outer G and E rings of Saturn .
Another comet was seen when it hit a planet : Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 hit Jupiter in 1994 .
Religious profanity is called blasphemy .
Before a solution could be found , the mosque was destroyed by about 200,000 Hindus .
It is often applied to paint , tires , and other goods that become toxic waste if not disposed of properly .
Most kinds of fish have bones .
For instance , when a drum or a cymbal is struck , the object vibrates .
It looks at the chemistry of living things .
Soaps are made from animal fats or vegetable oils .
The sandy white beaches make Herm a walker 's paradise .
Its small obvious size has made it difficult to study visually ; most telescopic data was quite limited until the arrival of the Hubble Space Telescope and large ground-based telescopes with adaptive optics .
Only once these things are done should the different opinions on Marco and the war , and his skill as a king , be added - it must be clear that these are not agreed on by everyone , and all sides should be treated fairly .
Pigs are also to blame for the transmission , as the bacteria stayed in their blood system , and when eaten , people caught the plague .
It is a gas giant .
Margarine is an artificial butter .
A baby may be given a name Wisdom because parents hope the baby will be a wise girl or boy .
This is called copyright , and there are laws that protect it .
Another way to find the number of objects in both groups is to add the numbers in each group .
These gestures are considered as strong as profane words in most cases .
A life raising animals for food is called a pastoral life .
And that stands out at the beginning .
An important instrument from the Romantic period was the piano .
A city has many buildings and streets .
The growth rate is 8.25 % for fiscal 2010 .
Trees are similar to people .
A Spanish explorer , Luis Vaez de Torres sailed through the water between Australia and Papua New Guinea later that year .
Some comedies make the audience laugh by showing strange or unusual images or situations that do not make sense .
In some Muslim countries such as Saudi Arabia and Iran , the whole legal systems still base their law in Sharia law .
There are many words that sound the same between the American English and British English , but are spelled differently .
The Amu Darya is Afghanistan 's largest river ; but the Helmand River in the southwest is longer .
It is when one person or group takes from another person , business , or state any object , money , service , or information without permission .
This is because in the original Roman calendar , winter did not have months .
A tragedy is a sad thing .
The stars are too closely packed to get an accurate count , but it certainly has more stars than some of the smaller galaxies .
There are different ways of giving symbols to numbers .
A variation of this is to say that something does not make `` economic sense '' .
Scientists think that the human body is very much like other animals .
This tells us that how high y is on the vertical axis depends on what x -LRB- the horizontal axis -RRB- is at that time .
A social climber tries to earn social capital by making friends with those who have it but without actually helping .
Microsoft also makes many PC games .
In a shop , a fruit is any fleshy , sweet plant growth .
Names of people change when they marry and divorce .
One nanometer is around a hundred times smaller than the width of a human hair .
In prehistoric times , North America used to be part of a larger ancient supercontinent named Laurasia .
We suggest that articles should use only the 1,000 most common and basic words in English .
Period 1 has only 2 elements in it : hydrogen and helium .
After 1627 , King Louis XIII of France made a rule that only Roman Catholics could go to live in New France .
The sale of shells and shell jewelry brings extra money for the local people .
One possible guess for the cause of the faster wind speeds is that if enough energy is produced , turbulence is created , which slows the winds down -LRB- like those of Jupiter -RRB- .
Like most uses of the verb to be , there is an ideology in these simple words .
When an article is changed by many people , it usually reflects things that most people agree on .
The rules that say how people can use , change and pass around open content are called a license .
Many countries and regions have special kinds of sausage .
For example , there are infinitely many numbers as it is impossible to write them all down .
There are many different kinds of mile .
The longest river of Finland is Tornionjoki .
This made Spain very weak .
Beijing is also education center of China for teaching Chinese as a foreign language .
As an exclamation , it is similar to `` fuck '' .
No matter how a government is chosen , it must do politics to keep power .
An insult is a description of someone that will offend them .
Physics not only helps people understand how objects move , but how they change form , how they make noise , how hot or cold they will be , and what they are made of at the smallest level .
The Greater Dublin Area has a population of 1,187,176 people .
What people call the mind could be part of the soul : one soul started this article , other souls have edited it , and another soul is reading it .
They can range from 0.000000000001 W\/m2 -LRB- barely audible -RRB- to 1 W\/m2 -LRB- painfully loud -RRB- .
New York City was settled by Europeans from The Netherlands in 1624 .
The process of finding the danger a tree presents is based on a process called the Quantified Tree Risk Assessment .
The Head of Government is Silvio Berlusconi , leader of a right-wing coalition , since 2008 , when he won against the left-wing coalition of Walter Veltroni .
Infections like HIV get in this way , and then attack cells which are the basis of the immune system .
Time in science is defined as the direction of entropy .
For an example of a philosophical problem , see the God paradox .
The latest version of Mac OS is Mac OS X 10.6.6 .
France gave its North American land to Great Britain in 1763 .
For example , theoretical physicists apply mathematics and numerical analysis and statistics and probability and computers and computer software in their work .
The plant cover becomes denser toward the north , where rainfall is more plentiful .
Some of the first attempts at making a map of Mars were done by Giovanni Schiaparelli .
Mauna Kea would eventually come to host very large and very accurate telescopes like the Keck Observatory with its 10-meter mirror .
Money is what you use to buy things .
These two planets have much less hydrogen and helium gas .
Sometimes people think they have other diseases like malaria or typhoid fever .
Most live in the trees , with hands that grasp , good color vision , and intelligence .
The rhesus macaque and the red flying squirrel are found in the warmer southern areas of the country .
The Solar System has evolved considerably since its initial formation .
They decide to share so that they have the same number of jellybeans .
Finns were interested in freedom rather than dictatorship .
This is called Tao in the teachings of Buddha .
There are also many people from different countries who stay in London on business .
Some may seek revenge or stay simply because they are confused .
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work .
White proposes a method of estimating the age of large and veteran trees in the United Kingdom through the correlation between a tree 's stem diameter , growth character and age .
235,685 Jehovah 's Witnesses -LRB- 0.4 % -RRB- , 30,000 Waldensians , 25,000 Seventh-day Adventists , 22,000 Mormons , 20,000 Baptists , 7,000 Lutherans , 4,000 Methodists .
No references to other religions are allowed -LRB- no crosses on necklaces , no cross gestures etc.
The Galileo mission in 1995 was the only spacecraft to go into orbit around Jupiter .
Computers can become obsolete quickly , depending on what programs the user runs .
The Japanese changed Buddhism in many ways , for example , by building strongly on ideas such as Zen , which came from mainland Asia .
In 1925 chemist Frederick Soddy found that some elements in the periodic table had more than one kind of atom .
Madrid is in the middle of Spain , in the Community of Madrid .
This should never be used in writing : : The teacher was like : `` Do n't do that ! ''
Knowing lots of words helps with reading , listening , writing , and talking to people .
The word cheese can be used in hockey .
Phenomena are those discoveries related to events and happenings in the Universe .
Cassini also found a moon and took a picture of it but it was too far away to show the details .
There is always some agreement on ethics and personal conduct in a political system .
A vacation or holiday is the setting aside of time specifically for leisure .
The earliest records on Japan are from Chinese documents .
In mathematics , a definition is an exact way of saying what something is .
Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria , which turn milk sugars into lactic acid , then the addition of rennet completes the curdling .
On the basis of cryptanalysis he helped to break both the Enigma machine and the Lorenz SZ 40\/42 -LRB- a teletype cipher attachment codenamed `` Tunny '' by the British -RRB- , and was , for a time , head of Hut 8 , the section responsible for reading German naval signals .
The Shinkansen is one of the fastest trains in the world and connects cities in Honshu and Kyushu .
Many cultures or religions have food taboos .
Also , road signs for speed limits are in miles per hour other U.S. customary units or Imperial units of measurement are also in common use .
The Great Soviet Encyclopedia is one of these .
However , Helium has a blue-ish , neon color when being burnt with fire .
North America is a continent in the Northern and Western halves of Earth , located to the east of the Pacific Ocean , the West of the Atlantic Ocean , the South of the Arctic Ocean , and the North of South America .
Experiments are not the same as faith -LRB- belief -RRB- or other ways to find truth because experiments must have proof .
Sometimes experts find an idea that they think is a theorem but can not find a proof for it .
The smallest particle of such an element is an atom .
People who challenged them were often called heretics , so that the Inquisition could torture them , and then nobles take the property .
Geography is not the same as ecology .
Most universities in Australia , Britain , Canada , New Zealand and the United States accept the IELTS .
Extending to the west into France , this area is eastwardly linked to the Eifel in Germany by the High Fens plateau , on which the Signal de Botrange forms the country 's highest point at 694 metres -LRB- 2,277 ft -RRB- .
Over 18 million people live in the city and nearby areas .
When a Muslim dies , a funeral prayer is normally held .
In Canada and the UK , and some other countries affected by the British Empire , encyclopedia is spelt mostly as `` encyclopÃ dia '' .
It appeared in the Brother Square Toes chapter of Kipling 's book Rewards and Fairies .
Colorful skin , easy shipping , disease resistance , ` Red Delicious ' apple shape , and popular flavor are also needed .
When an outbreak happens , many people come to try and help stop it .
Mercury is one of four inner planets in the Solar System , and has a rocky body like the Earth .
Computers come in different forms , but most of them have a common design .
This is why astronauts can not talk to each other in space : they need a radio to hear each other .
; Bitch Means female dog or prostitute ; but is usually a rude name for a woman who is considered unpleasant or demanding , or anyone in a servile position .
A litre -LRB- liter in the United States -RRB- is the metric unit of volume .
The currency of Finland is the euro -LRB- EUR -RRB- .
Many mosques have prayer halls , domes , and minarets .
In 1994 , bits of the comet Shoemaker Levy-9 hit Jupiter .
So if they learn a second language , it is difficult , and they have little chance of speaking it as weell as their native language .
In the simple metaphor , the cognitive effort to understand what the author or speaker intends is relatively low , and hence it may easily be used with a wider and less sophisticated audience .
The word `` plant '' can also mean to put something in the ground .
Opponents argue that we can not ever know if a theory is true as a whole if we only take the bits that work .
Moreover , Ferdowsi , the author of Shahnameh , the national epic of Iran , and Rumi , the famous Sufi poet , were also from Khorasan .
Before then , some of these provinces were together but were broken .
The neighbors are Germany -LRB- to the south -RRB- , Sweden -LRB- to the east -RRB- , Norway -LRB- to the north -RRB- and the United Kingdom -LRB- to the west -RRB- .
They live in fresh water in lakes and rivers , and in salt water in the ocean .
He saw what he called canali , which he thought were ditches dug for water to pass through .
By doing this Chadwick proved that to account for all the weight of the atom , neutrons must exist .
Today , astronomers know of hundreds of thousands of asteroids , which range from less than a mile to 600 miles across .
During their vacation , some people travel to a different region or country , and stay at a hotel so that they can do things they could not do near home .
Common ideologies include environmentalism , socialism -LRB- ranging from social democracy to Marxism and Communism -RRB- , conservatism , democracy , liberalism , and nationalism .
From the Latin decem for `` ten '' .
If the strength and unity of any society 's members ' willingness to help each other is to be measured , it is called social capital , because it substitutes for other styles of capital .
They show dances and rituals and suggest there was a prehistoric religion .
Her 1995 album Jagged Little Pill became a very popular album .
They were made of the leftover gas from the nebula that made the Sun .
Angola is situated in the south of the continent .
People who say that they are not sure whether they believe or not are called agnostics .
Aquaculture supplies fish -LRB- such as catfish , salmon , and trout , shrimp , and algae -RRB- .
Some kinds of arthritis are cause this way .
If you distribute a large enough number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3 .
Australia , New Zealand , New Guinea and and other islands on the Australian tectonic plate are together called Australasia .
Some dogs also do work for people , and it was once common for some birds -LRB- like falcons and carrier pigeons -RRB- to work for humans .
In the Middle Ages , most of the art in Europe showed Biblical stories in paintings , stained glass windows , and mosaic tile floors and walls .
More than one million people live in Dublin .
People also use it as a part of other dishes , the same way they eat breakfast sausage .
Christmas is celebrated on the eve , December 24 .
There are also many other patterns and relationships .
For example , if in a room there are 10 people with incomes of $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 20 , $ 40 , $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 100 , and $ 1,000,000 , the mode is $ 90 because $ 90 occurs three times and all other values occur fewer than three times .
There it killed half of the people in England .
A very similar problem is to find the slope -LRB- how steep it is -RRB- at any point on a curve .
This includes work , land , capital -LRB- machines , buildings -RRB- and information .
Before Mao died , initial contact with US took place in order to counter the threat from USSR .
Finns often like saunas and nature .
Foot is also the name of a unit of measurement .
Sound waves move away from their source -LRB- where they came from -RRB- , traveling on the air molecules .
Computers can not do some things , though .
A tiny amount of methane is also detected in the atmosphere .
It can be soft or firm .
If so , it can extract any and all frequencies and the type of wave pattern as well .
The farmers in Ireland who grew potatoes were n't able to grow enough food because a disease killed most of the potato crop .
Benares in northern India is one among the ancient cities which has a history of more 3000 years .
Many of these belong to the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria .
France was a founding member of the European Union .
Ragtime was a big influence on early jazz , called Dixieland jazz .
Microprocessors , such as the Intel 4004 made computers smaller and cheaper .
In many expressions of Christianity , such as Catholicism and Anglicanism , knowledge is one of the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit .
There are two main types of activities in physics ; the collection of data and the development of theories .
They are often called temples .
Works of art let us know about what the author knew , and about what the surrounding of the author were like .
Statistics has been in use for a long time .
As well , people sometimes use the term to bootstrap .
God is usually written with an uppercase letter when only one god is believed to exist .
In some democracies , there are only two big political parties .
The number one eleventh is written in decimal form as 0.0909090909 ...
where is the distance and is the time that has gone by .
New words are often brought into a language -LRB- e.g. lots of computer terms -RRB- or words change their meanings -LRB- e.g. â gayâ or â coolâ -RRB- .
Many people wrongly think this is called Tourette 's syndrome .
6 .
Very few people would dispute this .
The skin of human beings usually has very small hairs on it that are hard to see .
In geography , a country is a political division .
Russell Crowe , Cate Blanchett and Heath Ledger became global stars during the 1990s and Australia starring Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman made a lot of money in 2008 .
5.3 million people live in Finland .
These places include the Summer Palace , the Temple of Heaven , and the Great Wall of China .
Electrons are by far the smallest of the three , their mass and size is too small to be measured using current technology .
If Jane and Sally are in the world , there are three dimensions .
Hydrogen is also found in all living things , as a part of the organic compounds that living things are made of -RRB- .
Some citrus fruits , especially oranges , satsumas , mandarin oranges , table grapes , grapefruit , and watermelons are valued for their seedlessness .
Some people consider musical notation to be a way of writing the musical language .
This is called convection currents .
Many public libraries have books and CDs about learning English .
A rule that has a proof is sometimes called a theorem .
Many cities and towns are built on the banks of mature rivers .
The Federal government is led by the Prime Minister of Australia , who is the member of Parliament chosen as leader .
It is the fourth largest planet and third heaviest .
The study of this behavior can quickly become very complicated because there are many people , and each person 's choices affect the choices that other people make .
They also saw how stars were similar to our Sun , but in a range of colors and sizes .
For the first few years of the settlement , things were very difficult .
Mass is the amount of matter in a body .
Jupiter has at least 63 moons .
An atom that does this can be called radioactive .
In its wave , the distance between the smallest repeating parts -LRB- the wavelength -RRB- is about 550 nanometers -LRB- one-billionth of a meter -RRB- .
People have seen some comets when they broke into pieces : Comet Biela was one example .
Then they come out again in the evening and often eat dinner late at night .
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles .
Nuclei can change through other means too .
In developing nations , malnutrition is a common cause of child death .
Many of these new words were used as well as the old ones but they may have a different meaning .
They rejected the usual Christian doctrine of marriage and only believed in the New Testament .
Often , many of them use only good guesses .
Sportsmans need coaches to teach or train teams or individuals how to do better .
Bottles are usually made of glass or plastic .
People took ideas from the field of political economy , because they wanted to use an empirical approach similar to the one used in the natural sciences .
Biochemistry is also part of organic chemistry .
Coins were all made to the same size and shape .
It was a republic from 1952 after the revolution of 1952 by the leader Gamal Abd Alnaasar
As of February 2011 , scientists have not found life on Mars , either living now or extinct .
It provides for a separation of powers .
Egypt 's climate is good in winter and very hot in summer , depending on the time .
Most states also have armed forces , civil service , law and police .
Another factor is that trees may not show symptoms of damage until 24 months or longer after damage has occurred .
Some kinds of fish , such as sharks and rays , do not have real bones -LRB- their skeletons are made of cartilage -RRB- they are known as cartilagenous fish .
Many Orthodox and Conservative Jews living in English-speaking countries use the name `` synagogue '' or `` shul . ''
We can reduce chance errors by taking a larger sample , and we can avoid some bias by choosing randomly .
Italy was one of the first members of the European Union and in 2002 , along with 11 other European countries , it changed to using the euro as its official currency .
The ghost may stay on Earth because he or she is angry due to some problem in life and wants to scare people or to harm his or her enemies .
Art that is sometimes very confusing .
In return , the Roman built provincial capitals into fine cities , protected them from raids by barbarians , and provided education and career opportunites for young people in the provinces , offered careers in the Roman army .
The homonym capitalize is a different word , and means `` to fully fund as an investment '' .
People also breathe it in to make their voices sound higher than they normally do as a joke , but this is extremely dangerous if they breathe in too much , since it can kill them because they are not breathing normal air .
The number one tenth is written in decimal form as 0.1 .
Words are always being added to the OED , they are never taken out even if they are obsolete -LRB- not used any more -RRB- .
The machine number system is called the binary number system .
States are seen as having three main pieces :
The prevailing Big Bang model accounts for many of the experimental observations described above , such as the correlation of distance and redshift of galaxies , the universal ratio of hydrogen : helium atoms , and the ubiquitous , isotropic microwave radiation background .
Moral reasoning is a topic studied in psychology and in moral philosophy .
Most of New York City is on three islands near the Atlantic Ocean , although one part is on the mainland of North America .
Captain Cook named that bit of land Point Hicks .
Suggests something being shoved into a person 's rectum .
There are several important international airports in Japan .
Thus they involve more investment per person .
Astronomers found helium in 1868 .
The Qur ` an asserts that knowledge comes from God and various hadith encourage getting knowledge .
, Ê ilm -RRB- is given great significance .
At least some plant cells contain photosynthetic organelles -LRB- plastids -RRB- which enable them to make food for themselves .
Some of the comments are racist , especially against black people and Jews .
For example , the atomic mass of copper is about 63.55 .
Symbols are used to remind people of their religious beliefs .
Spache Readability Formula is one method of finding out how hard a piece of writing is -LRB- its textual difficulty -RRB- .
However , there are similarities with some parts of the latter ring system ; the Saturnian F ring and the Î ring are both narrow , relatively dark and are shepherded by a pair of moons .
It is possible to form space-times , each existing but not able to touch , move , or change -LRB- interact with each other .
They can rollback changes .
A boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle .
Differences between American English and British English spelling came about mainly as the result of one man .
Often , these pots are called vats .
These Lieder -LRB- plural of Lied -RRB- told stories by using the lyrics -LRB- words -RRB- of the song and by the imaginative piano accompaniments .
In the waltz , and later dances , people danced in couples , but they did so separately .
All of the planets orbit the Sun roughly around this plane .
They also rest , but not the same way as Jews .
Because Australia was a very big country , and was so close to Asia , the Australians feared that people from Asia might take the country over .
After the Persian ruler of the region was killed in 1747 , Durrani was crowned king .
Many famous writers were Romans , including Cicero and Virgil .
There are many Chinese artistic styles , which are usually named after the ruling dynasty .
Turing introduced the idea of a Turing machine in 1936 .
Petroleum and other fossil fuels are made of these hydrocarbons and commonly used to create energy for human use .
Spache works best on texts that are for children under the age of eight .
France also hosted the Rugby World Cup in 2007 and finished fourth .
Each volume in the encyclopedia was for a different subject or course of study .
The atmosphere also protects the earth from crashes with meteors and small asteroids .
Among them were Osama bin Laden and members of his organization , al-Qaeda .
Social talks about how people live with other people .
The exact date is not known : perhaps as early as 8000BC but certainly by 5000BC .
Columbus and other sailors explored more and found that there were two continents there - North America and South America .
Mathematics in history , and the history of mathematics .
Studies of the circulatory system and the nervous system have helped physicians understand and treat such illnesses like heart disease , stroke , and high blood pressure .
Today Australia remembers this battle every year on ANZAC Day .
Even though it is unusual for women to go bald , many women suffer from thinning hair over the top of their head as they grow old .

Google 's main office -LRB- `` Googleplex '' -RRB- is in Mountain View , California , USA .
Still other religions believe in reincarnation - that instead of going either to Heaven or Hell , spirits of the dead return to earth in a new body .
The number of words per sentence are counted .
The conflict over the mosque was directly linked to rioting in Bombay -LRB- present-day Mumbai -RRB- as well as bombings in 1993 that killed 257 people .
All humans have some pheomelanin in their hair .
Cuba has a semi-tropical climate .
Not only humans , but our closest living relatives -LRB- primates -RRB- are keen fruit-eaters .
Licenses are often written in difficult lawyer language -LRB- `` legalese '' -RRB- , but many licenses have summaries that are much easier to understand .
The highest rank in the domain of living things is the Kingdom .
The carrying capacity of an ecosystem is reduced over time if more than the amount which is `` renewed '' -LRB- refreshed or regrown or rebuilt -RRB- .
It could someday be a `` Theory of Everything '' , something that scientists such as Albert Einstein had been dreaming of for a very long time .
To help to translate it into simple English - see the Simple English GFDL page .
Many galaxies also continue to form new generations of stars .
However in the UK and the USA , the mile is used more than kilometres .
Austria is more than a thousand years old .
The center of Beijing was settled in the 1st millennium BC .
If a copyrightable work is released under the GFDL , the creator of the work is saying that anyone else may reproduce , distribute , or modify the work , as long as they follow a set of requirements specified in the GFDL .
As with other parts of the spectrum , new discoveries were made .
At MIT , a dean tried to cancel the lecture before it had taken place .
`` Natural capital '' is an example of one theory combining both .
During the first world war , millions were killed in the trenches including over a million in the Battle of the Somme .
People may store cheese in a refrigerator , to make sure it does not go bad .
Many countries have laws based on this idea of fairness .
2i _ .
The earliest trees were tree ferns , horsetails and lycophytes , which grew in forests in the Carboniferous Period ; tree ferns still survive , but the only surviving horsetails and lycophytes are not of tree form .
An acronym means that only some of the letters in the word or phrase are used .
Deeper inside the layers of gas , however , the temperature rises slowly .
Composers liked the piano , because it could be used to play dynamics -LRB- getting louder or getting softer -RRB- .
The farther away from this plane a planet orbits , the more inclined is its orbit .
Madrid is the financial center of Spain .
Mathematics is useful for solving problems that occur in the real world , so many people besides mathematicians study and use mathematics .
Mosques have rules to control what people do inside .
Gascon cuisine has also had great influence over the cuisine in the southwest of France .
The network is part privatised , with privately owned train operating companies providing service along particular lines or regions , whilst the tracks , signals and stations are owned by a Government controlled company called Network Rail .
In the 1970s , 80s and 90s lots of Australian movies , actors and singers became really famous around the world .
The bigger someone is , the lower their metabolism rate would become .
This is a good idea , however , the person who makes the money by using production or contracts has power over the people who do not make as much money as him .
She was born in Ottawa , Canada .
This is always the same as the number of electrons -RRB- .
Philosophers do not all come up with the same answers to questions .
The Scooter is another storm , a white cloud group more south than the Great Dark Spot .
The economy of the country is growing .
As the towns and farms spread across Australia , the Aboriginal people were pushed off their land .
The state song is Hawaii Ponoi .
They are incovertible and are declared by the government money .
Some people think this sort of trade is bad because the land should be used and not just treated like money .
Astronomy is not the same as astrology , the belief that the patterns the stars and the planets make affect human lives .
Unlike the schooling they have done before , the courses at university are specialized .
The Andromeda Galaxy moves towards the Milky Way Galaxy , and will meet it in about 3 billion years .
Health is `` a state of complete physical , mental , and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity '' , according to the World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- .
Because Neptune orbits so far from the Sun , it gets very little heat with the uppermost regions of the atmosphere at â ' 218 Â C -LRB- 55 K -RRB- .
Their natural habitat , with few exceptions are the forests .
This might be done in a general way by wearing a symbol or a type of clothing .
n\/n = 1 .
The first people to see that there were transcendental numbers were Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and Leonhard Euler .
The strings upon the guitar are one dimensional and vibrate to take the form of all matter .
Shamans sometimes imitate sounds that occur naturally .
One problem with SUVs is that they roll over more easily than lower vehicles .
It lasts fifteen days .
Some oils are made from plants and used in foods and for cooking .
Most cheeses melt when heated .
The UK has eight Nobel laureates in literature .
You may be looking for Announcements
This page is for disambiguation - there are more detailed articles on each meaning :
In old times , people used to be scared of comets .
A good dictionary will have a large list of these meanings to help people find the word they want .
After we collect data , we use one or more numbers to describe each observation or measurement .
Quebec -LRB- spelled QuÃ bec in French -RRB- is a province in Eastern Canada .
It is impossible to have a hair color that is not passed down genetically by both mother and father .
A simple metaphor is also known as a tight metaphor .
After that , the second is Tobacco .
The name April comes from that Latin word aperire which means `` to open '' .
The next farthest out , Larissa was originally discovered in 1981 when it had occulted a star .
Alan Turing was a gay man .
Originally a 23-letter alphabet for the 35 or so phonemes -LRB- sounds -RRB- of Old English .
Taiwan -LRB- also known as Formosa -RRB- is an island country in the western Pacific and east of mainland China .
Instead , it is more used for crop pollination and other products .
The Government decided to make a settlement in New South Wales and send some of the convicts there .
Famous ancient cities which fell to ruins included Babylon , Troy , Mycenae and Mohenjo Daro .
It works well with the rest of the products with the Adobe name .
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System .
People eat many kinds of fish .
Politics would focus on the political virtues that need some creativity .
In many country , a person must take a test and pay money to get a license .
The city is divided into five major parts called boroughs .
The inside of the Earth is very hot , the temperature of the outer core may be as high as 7000 Â .
Such a notice grants a world-wide , royalty-free license , unlimited in duration , to use that work under the conditions stated herein .
In his dictionary , he chose s over c in words like defense , he changed the re to er in words like center , he dropped one of the Ls in traveler .
Ecologists need the work of geographers so that they can work out the future .
The two major -LRB- big -RRB- sources of tree damage are biotic -LRB- from living sources -RRB- and abiotic -LRB- from non-living sources -RRB- .
The British decided to use the land visited by Captain Cook as a prison colony .
It was believed to be on a site of an earlier Hindu temple .
Rhythm and overall level of stress matter much more than how any individual part of the system works .
Unlike your personal computer , you can not use your clock to play Tetris .
For the country of Ireland that is located on the island , see Republic of Ireland .
William Shakespeare is perhaps the most famous English playwright .
The others can only be made in laboratories .
Other well-known places on Oahu are Waikiki , Pearl Harbor , Diamond Head , Hanauma Bay , Kaneohe Bay , and both the North Shore and Makaha -LRB- which are famous for very big ocean waves -RRB- .
Later they also came from countries like Turkey and Lebanon .
The skins of cows , pigs , and goats are often used to make leather .
We also use it to kick , in both fighting and sports , football being an example .
Not every religion teaches people to be kind to all other people .
The religion of the Finnish people was paganism .
The middle-sized group is a mix of African and Spanish .
It will also explain what language the word comes from -LRB- e.g. Greek `` hippos '' horse and `` potamus '' river -RRB- .
This civilization is today called BMAC -LRB- Bactria-Margiana Archaeological Complex -RRB- , or the `` Oxus civilization '' .
The words in French and English do not mean the same thing .
Farming slowly became more and more popular and became the major way of life until the modern age .
People go out and watch the lantern festivals everywhere .
Music is an art that puts sounds together in a way that people like or find interesting .
They are also a country 's legal tender .
In 1843 , John Couch Adams calculated the orbit of an eighth planet that would possibly be influencing the orbit of Uranus .
Those LMXBs that were not neutron stars turned out to be black holes .
Second , they absorb water and various nutrients dissolved in water from the soil .
Hazard trees are trees which due to disease or other factors are more susceptible to falling during windstorms , or having parts of the tree fall .
To many outsiders , the worship of God 's different incarnations is considered to be the worship of many gods .
In practice , they faced many difficult problems .
According to the U.S. Department of State , more than 109,000 children were working on cocoa farms alone in CÃ te d'Ivoire -LRB- Ivory Coast -RRB- in ` the worst forms of child labor ' in 2002 .
Things like the weather , plants , animals , mountains , rivers , the sun and much more are part of nature .
He was a genius at organization .
Internal feuds , corruption , and divisions had caused Baghdad to fall to the Mongols in 1258 .
A well-known company that makes mobile phones , Nokia , is from Finland .
On land the average is between 30 â `` 50 kilometers thick .
See also : Fishing The word to fish is also used for the activity of catching fish .
Its wild ancestor is still there today .
Most of the art created in this case is made for the artist rather than an audience .
The first people of Hawaii were Polynesians .
An `` idiom '' is a word or phrase which means something different from what it says - it is usually a metaphor .
It is the only state made only of islands .
Some boats have many sails , and some have only one .
It was an outdoor theater and plays were performed in the daytime for large audiences .
On a curve , though , the slope is a variable -LRB- has different values at different points -RRB- because the line bends .
It is the main part of the Indian subcontinent .
Windows is a popular Microsoft product .
Urban History is history of civilization .
and separate in their last two commandments the desire for a man 's wife from the desire for other things he owns .
But it still has problems .
Connected to the sound card are speakers , which are like a mouth , and are where the sound comes out .
The Atlantic Ocean is to the west of Europe .
Tungsten is called ` W ' after its German name , wolfram .
The Arab Moors took the city when they invaded the country , and you can still see a lot of the buildings they built during their 800 year stay in Spain -LRB- 711-1492 -RRB- .
In 1606 , the first European , Dutch explorer Willem Janszoon -LRB- 1571 â `` 1638 -RRB- , visited the west coast of Cape York Peninsula in Queensland .
Some religions say that there is a supernatural being called God .
Finns also study mandatory English and Swedish in school .
In the Americas , Canada , US , Brazil and Argentina are the largest countries -LRB- in that order -RRB- .
It can be created through the process of nuclear fusion in the sun .
Man discovers himself when he measures himself against the obstacle . ''
Many Christians choose to go to church .
The Greeks named this planet Ares , after their god of war .
However , they were not sure if it was life or just the natural patterns of the rock .
A contact network is a group of people who can all quickly get in touch with each other .
Sometimes archaeological sites are found when foundations are dug for new buildings .
By the middle of the sixth century BC , the Achaemenids conquered the land , which was previously conquered by the Medes , and made it part of the Persian empire .
When a function takes many variables in , like Q -LRB- x , y , z -RRB- , it is called a multivariate function .
They are found in all early -LRB- ` primitive ' -RRB- societies .
The other gas giants are Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
Before this , several different kings had ruled different countries in what is now called Spain .
It is similar of calling someone a `` ho '' -LRB- `` whore '' -RRB- or `` tart '' .
London has been changing continually for hundreds of years , while Siena , which was a very important city in the 1300s has changed very little in 700 years .
Words with complicated spelling may be pronounced simply : Leicester is pronounced ` Lester ' .
The periodic table groups atoms by their atomic number -LRB- how many protons they have .
MagnetoHydroDynamics , called MHD for short , is Hydrodynamics done in the presence of magnetic fields , where Hydrodynamics is the mathematical modelling of fluid flows .
A social contract is an agreement between the people of a state and the government of a state .
This is the only part of Denmark that is not an island .
It was named after the Roman God of the Sea .
People can attend university to get a degree .
These have commonly been considered a different part of speech from nouns , but in the past some grammars have included them as nouns as do many modern linguists .
In the south , they prefer olive oil and garlic .
They have blood in diarrhea and vomit .
Many people were hanged for small crimes .
From up to 8,000 years ago through the historical periods , the peoples of Afghanistan were central in the development of world religions , played a major role in trade and exchange , and at times dominated political and cultural life in Asia .
The Buddhas of Bamyan were the remainder of Buddhism in Afghanistan .
A plant form that is similar to a tree , but generally having smaller , multiple trunks and\/or branches that arise near the ground , is called a shrub -LRB- or a bush -RRB- .
This pattern looks like branches on a tree with smaller branches growing from them .
Academic human anatomists are usually employed by universities , medical schools or teaching hospitals .
It is sometimes used to mark things that are wrong , important , or dangerous .
The multiverse is not yet a scientific idea because there is no way to test it .
Since it is living things looking for these ways , however , and since they create models that are in more order than the measurements they combine , thinking and science are also negentropic â `` just a part of life .
French is the official language of France .
Scientists work for governments , companies , schools and research institutes .
Sometimes apples are eaten after they are cooked .
In 1973 , the famous Sydney Opera House opened .
Since these are unknown in exact detail , cosmological models have been based on the cosmological principle , which states that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic .
As time went on , computers got more and more popular .
Some extensions of MediaWiki use the Wikimedia Bugzilla , while some just use the talk page of the extension page .
Reading is very popular in Cuba .
Mosques are places of worship .
In human beings , for example , the digestion of food hormones and other chemicals made by the stomach , liver , and pancreas .
This getting bigger accounts for how Earth-bound pople can see the light from a galaxy 30 billion light years away , even if that light has traveled for only 13 billion years ; the very space between them has expanded .
Austria is in the United Nations since 1955 and in the European Union since 1995 .
The states are New South Wales , Queensland , South Australia , Tasmania , Victoria , and Western Australia .
The magnifying glass usually comes with a handle .
They may also try to agree on the order in which they are to apply , that is , which principles should be violated before which other ones .
It is the most likely basis for accounting reform which could put an end to accounting scandals .
If it were the fossils of a living thing , it was probably some simple plant , and one hundred of them could fit across the width of a single hair .
Very often an ecological yield in one place offsets an ecological load in another .
In the same country there can be different types of police officer who have powers in different areas and situations , such as state police , military police and local police .
Archaeologists have to work quickly when this happens , because people building are always in a hurry .
-LRB- 63.55 + 70.90 = 134.45 -RRB- That means in 134.45 grams of copper -LRB- II -RRB- chloride , there is one mole of copper -LRB- II -RRB- chloride molecules .
There are two main reasons .
An accessory fruit or false fruit -LRB- pseudocarp -RRB- is a fruit in which some of the flesh is derived not from the ovary but from some adjacent tissue .
The Simple English Wikipedia 's articles can be used to help with school homework or just for the fun of learning about new ideas .
Jupiter has a mass of 1.8986 Ã -- 1027 kg or about 317.83 Earths .
They might also try to list best practices which reflect the principles in the right order , and provide more practical -LRB- less abstract -RRB- instruction .
Ray has spoken about Time Cube at two universities in the United States , MIT and Georgia Tech .
Blues music is music that is played by singing , using the harmonica , or the acoustic guitar .
With real numbers , it tells you the area of a rectangle where the first number equals the size of one side and the second number equals the size of the neighbouring side .
Some ghosts are said to be friendly and help people who are in problems .
Google can lose that trademark if people use it too widely .
Discoveries broadly come in two types : bodies and phenomena .
They speak the Hawaiian language and keep traditions alive .
Jews and Muslims read this commandment as prohibiting the use of idols and images in any way .
There is so much music today , in elevators , shopping malls , and stores , that it often becomes a background sound that we do not really hear .
This is because most of these newer SUVs seldom go off-road , but stay on the street most of the time .
Each point is usually called a vertex -LRB- more than one are called vertices -RRB- , and the lines are called edges .
Scientists who study botany are called botanists .
There are many other sights to see in Madrid .
The state became a republic on June 2 , 1946 , and , for the first time , women were able to vote .
A dictionary is a book which explains the meanings of words or , more precisely , lexemes .
You can ask questions at Simple talk .
Newton 's Second Law of Motion , in short `` Newton 's Second Law '' , is often one of the first things that physics students learn .
In most cases , a pet is kept to entertain people or for companionship .
They set up an office of the Inquisition and sent out notices that anyone who came and confessed would be granted absolution .
The dance type which is used in image dances is mime .
The word science can also refer to the large amount of knowledge that has been found using this process , so far .
Like all planets and asteroids in the Solar System beyond Earth , Neptune goes through retrogradation at certain points during its synodic period .
They wrote popular novels like The Three Musketeers , The Count of Monte-Cristo , Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea , or The Hunchback of Notre-Dame .
But if the curve was to be cut into very , very small pieces , the curve at the point would look almost like a very short straight line .
For some religions , following a `` path '' of goodness , truth and duty is very important .
January is named for Janus , the Roman god of doors and gateways .
Many people can not find jobs in the cities and have to get money by begging or by crime .
They simply put a crucifix in them to make them into churches .
It is not as similar to Neptune or Uranus .
Anarchism is when a group of people have complete freedom and do not believe in having a state at all .
It is a major work of marine ecology .
This widely accepted model , known as the nebular hypothesis , was first developed in the 18th century by Emanuel Swedenborg , Immanuel Kant , and Pierre-Simon Laplace .
Many important battles of the American Revolution were fought in northern Manhattan and in Brooklyn .
; Slut A very offensive term for women -LRB- and sometimes men -RRB- , similar to bitch .
These are the questions that are usually asked by philosophers from Europe :
These native Australians are called the Australian Aborigines .
Dance is when people move to a musical rhythm .
Usually , Immunology is taken to mean the study of mammalian immune systems , which are much more complex , and also prone to much error .
The Phoenician came in 1100BC , followed by Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Visigoths and Moors .
Some Cubans who did not like the government and stayed were put in jail .
In 1833 , Britain stopped slavery , then in late 1865 the United States did the same , making it illegal .
To eat a lot .
This was called alchemy .
Throughout history , Armenia 's size has changed many times .
A social contract sets out rules for this kind of cooperation .
This is because in the original Roman calendar , the two months of winter , when not much would happen in agriculture , did not have names .
Homer 's Odyssey from Ancient Greece says that `` As when a man besides a great fire has filled a sausage with fat and blood and turns it this way and that and is very eager to get it quickly roasted ... '' .
Many Sami people farm reindeers .
There is a group of famous universities called the Ivy League .
The Taliban also angered other countries by allowing suspected terrorists to live in Afghanistan .
These are :
Major languages spoken in the United Kingdom other than English include Polish -LRB- 500,000 - approximate number of speakers in the UK -RRB- , -LRB- Eastern Panjabi or Punjabi -LRB- 471,000 -RRB- , Bengali -LRB- 400,000 -RRB- , Urdu -LRB- 400,000 -RRB- , Cantonese -LRB- 300,000 -RRB- , Greek -LRB- 200,000 -RRB- , Southwestern Caribbean Creole English -LRB- 170,000 -RRB- .
The probe traveled to a depth of about 150 km before it was crushed by the weight of all the gas above it .
Britain continued to be the biggest manufacturing economy in the world until 1908 and the largest economy until the 1920s .
Visiting a mosque is allowed only between prayers ; visitors must wear long trousers and take off their shoes ; women must cover their heads ; no photos ; no loud talk is allowed .
This was called Brownian Motion .
The intersection of this with the spread of disease -LRB- as studied in epidemiology -RRB- is part of the field of public health .
Hair is made of keratin .
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that slavery is wrong .
American and Japanese forces fought each other in the Pacific .
Many scholars and theater people believe Shakespeare was one of the best playwrights -LRB- a writer of plays -RRB- .
Taxonomy is used with different ranks , the lowest is a species .
The 12th century Roman Catholic Monks were founding their monasteries outside the towns , drawing the best people there .
Rather than work with a political party to change law , they may start to look for direct revenge for things .
Comedy plays have been around for thousands of years .
Further inland lies a smooth , slowly rising landscape watered by many waterways , with fertile valleys and the northeastern sandy plain of the Campine -LRB- Kempen -RRB- .
Some people will be offended by something , while others will not be .
The GFDL is considered `` copyleft '' because the license is meant to make it easier to use and re-use the copyrighted work , not to restrict its use .
One should be very careful when using unfamiliar terms for others .
Franco died in 1975 .
Many types of philosophy criticize or even attack the beliefs of science and religion .
Spacecrafts such as Voyager 1 have seen lightning on the surface of the planet .
Modern Japan is divided into 47 prefectures .
Important note : The Wikimedia Foundation does not own copyright on Wikipedia article texts and illustrations .
In particular , the Orthodox have criticized the Roman Catholic use of decorative statues , Roman Catholics have criticized the Orthodox veneration of icons , and some Protestant groups have criticized the use of stained-glass windows by other denominations .
But , because his efforts left the most glaring problems untackled , his variations make little difference to the way the language is used .
It can be used to find the speed of a moving object or the slope of a curve , figure out the maximum or minimum points of a curve , or find answers to problems in the electricity and magnetism areas of physics , among many other uses .
The graph of a linear equation is a straight line .
It took nearly 200 years for the potato to become a widely grown crop .
A continent is a large area of the land on Earth that is joined together .
Adobe Illustrator is a computer program for making graphic design and illustrations .
But voices were getting louder for all of them to come together as one country with a national parliament .
Some scientists teach at universities and other places and train people to become scientists .
In 2008 , if the category of smartphones are included in the numbers of computers in the world , the biggest computer maker by units sold , is no longer Hewlett-Packard , but rather Nokia .
For example most people think that murder -LRB- killing somebody -RRB- is wrong .
Physical geography studies the natural environment and human geography studies the human environment .
Traditional sports include kabaddi , kho kho , and gilli-danda , which are played throughout India .
Some restaurants also have large deep fryers to fry a lot of food at once .
These are also known as the Gateway to Europe .
These parts may be enhancement words such as adverbs , adjectives , etc.
The chorus comments on themes , and shows how an audience might react to the drama .
Each group has a number : from 1 to 18 .
The slightly more specific idea of product take-back means that the service of waste disposal is paid for at time of purchase .
That makes it the most-used search engine on the web .
Construction activities can involve a number of damage sources , including grade changes that prevent aeration to roots , spills involving toxic chemicals such as cement or petroleum products , or severing of branches or roots .
River Plate is also a famous Buenos Aires soccer team .
France had a monarchy until the French Revolution in 1789 .
They often used a structure which was called sonata form .
But in the 1770 's , the colonies in America became the United States .
The SI unit is the metre and a kilometre is 1000 metres .
The two-gene model does not account for all possible shades of brown , blond , or red -LRB- for example , platinum blond versus dark blonde\/light brown -RRB- , nor does it explain why hair color sometimes darkens as a person ages .
Many Cubans also went to America because of this .
The properties of dark energy and dark matter are not known .
The most important early states , however , were the Ancient Greek states which had freedom , writing and a democracy .
They lived in all parts of Australia .
Where are the data and is the population size .
As Russia expanded southward across central Asia , Britain believed that its control over India was threatened .
Coming to more recent times , the first dance school we know about was opened in 1661 in Paris , France .
Japan -LRB- æ -- æ , Nippon -RRB- is a country in Asia .
Part of the reason that Volapuk became unpopular is that some sounds are hard to say for people who speak Spanish or English , two of the most widely spoken languages in the world .
It is about the classification of all things living .
This process of working out a slope using limits is called differentiation , or finding the derivative .
One of the best known jazz musicians was Louis Armstrong -LRB- 1900-1971 -RRB- .
Celtic Gauls inhabited Ancient Gaul .
It was said that the buyer , Elizabeth Sinclair -LRB- later Sinclair-Robinson -RRB- , liked the island better than other places such as Waikiki , Pearl Harbor , and the island of Lanai .
The trunk is covered with bark which protects it from damage .
The Sarvestan palace from the Sassanid era is a good example of this .
The nature of this material is not clear , but it may be organic compounds considerably darkened by the charged particle irradiation from the Uranian magnetosphere .
The water also provides the plant with support .
Most domestic air travel in the United Kingdom is between London and the major cities in Scotland and the North of England .
p49 ; 62
Other vegetables fats , like olive oil , are a better choice for cooking .
This was hugely controversial at the time , and was fought long and hard by authorities of the Christian church -LRB- see Giordano Bruno and Galileo -RRB- .
In the year 61 AD , Queen Boudica -LRB- a British Celtic queen -RRB- and her army destroyed the city .
The newspapers have pictures of him all over the country , and his speches are always printed in the newspapers and broadcast on television or radio .
Most of the time a state or a government prints paper money and makes coins at a special place called a mint .
It is generally seen as good to have someone who leads the prayers , though this is not strictly necessary .
Most rain falls in autumn and spring .
All mosques have a prayer hall , which is also called musalla .
The police are a group of people whose job it is to enforce laws , arrive at and investigate crimes and protect the public .
Others are plastic worms and rat-l-traps .
Police uniforms , equipment and methods can change a lot depending on the country .
There are two main ways of organizing encyclopedias : from A to Z -LRB- the alphabetical way -RRB- or by categories .
The ghost might also appear as they did at the time of their death , including any blood or injuries .
Scientists from England supported Newton , but scientists from the rest of Europe supported Leibniz .
Oxymorons sometimes appear in jokes .
Distance is different from displacement .
On the average , space is very nearly flat -LRB- close to zero curvature -RRB- , meaning that Euclidean geometry is experimentally true with high accuracy throughout most of the Universe .
The country has been one of the world powers since the end of the 17th century .
The main problem is the use of electronic amplification of the call , which is now widely used by mosques .
Castro took power of Cuba with Che Guevara from Argentina , his brother Raul , and others who fought against Batista .
Until the 20th century , most ballroom dances were sequence dances .
In 1777 French chemist Antoine Lavoisier defined the term element for the first time .
People were copying the Classical Architecture from the past , but adding their own ideas and decoration .
The basic unit of an element is called an atom .
Inorganic chemistry looks at things that do not have carbon in them .
But there is no way to know -LRB- without very complicated mathematics -RRB- whether the tangent is exactly right , and our eyes are not accurate enough to be certain whether it is exact or simply very close .
The population is about 51 % Roman Catholic , and 31 % of people are agnostics or atheists .
A harbor -LRB- or harbor -RRB- is a place where ships may shelter .
Captain Cook 's secret mission was to find `` Terra Australis '' -LRB- the Land of the South -RRB- .
In England blood sausage is called Black Pudding .
Some live in water , others live on the ground and some animals can fly .
Trees may be grouped into exogenous and endogenous trees according to the way in which their stem diameter increases .
Civil society is the people and groups that are not part of government that try to protect people against human rights abuses and try to protect freedom of speech and other individual rights .
A lifespan is the average length of life in a species .
Each religion has different ideas about these things .
The largest ethnic group is the Pashtuns -LRB- or Pathans -RRB- , who make up about two fifth the population .
The computer would store the instructions in some kind of memory .
The President of India is elected for five years .
Graphs are a tool for modelling .
The usually moderate prevailing winds from the Atlantic may be interrupted by Arctic air from the north-east or , less often , hot air from the Sahara .
Shrubs are small plants .
There are many philosophical issues with the existence of God .
From the Latin word sept for `` seven '' -LRB- it was the seventh month of the year , before January and February were added to the beginning of the year . -RRB-
Their lives were simple , they had very few needs .
Because most of people watch the Spring Festival Celebrations on CCTV all the night on New Year 's Eve and do n't go to bed until 12:00 AM , they usually get up later in the next day .
When the People 's Republic of China seized power , Beijing became the capital of China again .
Several independent experimental measurements support the expansion of space and , more generally , the Big Bang idea .
They also wrote Miracle Plays which were plays about the lives of the saints .
The Galileo spacecraft was also crushed in 2003 when NASA steered the craft into the planet on purpose .
In 2007 , 81.9 million foreign tourists visited France .
What message , criticism or political change did the artist wish to achieve ?
Based on their general shape and size , all of these are nonetheless generally regarded as trees .
The most used service on the Internet is the World Wide Web -LRB- which is also called the `` Web '' -RRB- .
Austria is a largely mountainous country since it is partially located in the Alps .
This was when King Henry VIII took the property of the Roman Catholic institutions in England .
Russia was the great power to the north , and Britain controlled India to the east .
A cube is a block with all right angles and whose height , width and depth are all the same .
More loan words added in the late 16th to early 17th century , such as pneumonia , idiosyncrasy , epitome , cocoa .
The main reason is that the U.S. government classifies them as small trucks , so they do not have to be as fuel efficient as passenger cars .
In 1937 German chemist Otto Hahn became the first person to create nuclear fission in a laboratory .
However , some are grown simply for cooking or making cider .
This is one of the most complex issues in immunology as it involves literally every level of that system .
Earth has only one moon , known as the Moon .
Their leader was Captain Arthur Phillip .
Other Europeans made more calculators after him .
Speed is the distance that an object moves in a certain amount of time .
The Spanish Empire also at this time funded the Spanish Inquisition which tortured and killed anyone who disagreed with the Roman Catholic Church .
At very small mosques , worshipers may use restrooms for their ritual washing .
This is so that the people will think about the prayers better .
It may also serve as entertainment -LRB- games -RRB- , or have practical uses , like luring animals when hunting .
Not all rivers have deltas .
However , mass can be changed into energy .
Many large businesses have their main offices there .
The second is the little twists in the chain .
These similarities mainly come from the fact that these religions have a common history and common origins .
The last Western Roman emperor , Romulus Augustus , resigned in 476 AD .
The word oxymoron is an oxymoron ; ` oxy ' comes from the Greek word that means ` sharp ' , while ` moron ' comes from the Greek word that means ` dull ' .
In Islam , knowledge -LRB- Arabic : Ø Ù Ù
Now , computer science uses special methods of doing things , and has its own special words .
It wanted to build its own economic power in continental Europe .
This is because there is a chemical in leaves , called chlorophyll , which is colored green .
To follow the laws of a society is to do legal things .
The UK is a parliamentary democracy based on a constitutional and hereditary monarchy .
The religion of Hinduism is the main faith followed by 81.0 % of people in the Republic of India ; Islam â `` 12.8 % ; Christianity â `` 2.9 % ; Sikhism â `` 1.9 % ; Buddhism â `` 0.8 % and Jainism â `` 0.4 % .
A wide slow river is called an `` old river '' .
It can be extracted from various types of plant material - corn is possible , though pretty inefficient .
Many things can change the surface of the Earth .
The Romans named the planet Mars .
Then some bright person figured out how to make machines do a lot of the work .
For thousands of years , most people did not believe that the Solar System was real .
A tree is a plant form that can be found in many different orders and families of plants .
In difficult situations , the acceleration can be calculated using mathematics : in calculus , acceleration is the derivative of the velocity -LRB- with respect to time -RRB- , .
The 30 % not covered by water is mostly forests , deserts , plains , mountains and plateaux .
Montreal -LRB- , spelled MontrÃ al in French -RRB- is a city in the country of Canada .
Neanderthals and Homo erectus were hominids . -RRB-
å ' å 1\/2 , Traditional Chinese : ä è ä æ ` å
In the meteorite they found some very tiny little shapes in the rock which they think might be fossils made by living things .
Anthropology is about how our bodies and minds are affected by our environment , while ecology is about how our environment is affected by our bodies and minds .
Probability can be figured out using math .
The reason why the Great Dark Spot 's disappeared is unknown .
General Franco became a harsh dictator until 1975 when Juan Carlos I was brought back to Spain and made king .
People have actually found rocks on Earth that have chemicals in them - chemicals that are like the ones in Martian rocks .
London is one of the World 's most important cities for business , finance , and politics .
A beard is the hair growing on the lower part of a man 's face .
Some people study how the human body works and lives in its environment .
Sound can also mean a body of water , like a bay or channel .
In 1821 , Alexis Bouvard published the astronomical tables of the orbit of Uranus .
This enables them to hide in cracks , springing out quickly to capture prey , then returning quickly to their hiding spot .
In some cultures , inner peace is considered a state of consciousness or enlightenment that may be cultivated by various forms of training , such as prayer , meditation , T ` ai Chi Ch ` uan or yoga , for example .
Geographers use maps a lot , and often make them .
But this does not mean that philosophy is not about the real world .
From 1920 to 1991 , Armenia was a Communist country as a member of the Soviet Union .
Its name is from the Latin word novem , which meant `` nine '' .
The capacity is inherited , but the particular language is learned .
Most laws in New York City are set by the state government in Albany .
In 1840 , the Adelaide City Council and the Sydney City Council were started and some people could vote for them -LRB- but only men with a certain amount of money -RRB- .
Teleosts -LRB- ` modern ' fish -RRB- have what are called leptoid scales .
Neptune also has similarities with Uranus in its magnetosphere , with a magnetic field strongly tilted comparative to its rotational axis at 47 Â and offset at least 0.55 radii -LRB- about 13,500 kilometres -RRB- from the planet 's physical center .
Trade was most important for Rome , a city of a million people , by far the largest city in the world .
The Vulgate -LRB- Latin -RRB- translation has Non occides , i.e. `` Thou shalt not kill '' .
This page is not in simple English .
A barrel filled with candy is smashed with clubs .
This includes the cities of Cairo , Alexandria , Aswan , and Port Said .
A comedy is a very popular type of movie .
The outer core of Jupiter is thick , liquid hydrogen .
How people make maps is always changing .
Many ghosts stay on Earth also because they have died younger or have had sudden or abrupt deaths .
The Lydian coins were made of a weighed amount of precious metal and were stamped with a picture of a lion .
The most significant is Chinese New Year .
Some of the areas consider problems in a more abstract way .
Spain is divided in 17 parts called autonomous communities .
Today the people of Afghanistan , known as Afghans , have a mixture of characteristics passed down from these groups .
As of 2010 people know that the Uranian ring system have 13 rings .
They can protect , unprotect and change protected pages , including those in the MediaWiki namespace , and other users ' personal Javascript or CSS -LRB- .
The name of this sorting algorithm is selection sort .
Weighing scales measure weight , and balances measure mass.
The Taliban believed that those ancient statues were un-Islamic .
A group of farms working together or a group of factories working together could be ` states ' since people can control them and protect them .
Most extensions can be download from Wikimedia 's Subversion repository .
But in 1928 , all adults , male and female , got the vote : this is called universal suffrage .
For example , Shafiq Hanif 's son may be Hanif Kamal .
Food contains the nutrition that people need to be healthy .
The people who work in libraries are librarians .
The word geography comes from the Greek words gÃ -LRB- `` Earth '' -RRB- and graphein -LRB- `` to write '' -RRB- .
Living things which have died are normally described as being dead .
A comet is a ball of mostly ice that moves around in outer space .
Leaves of plants vary in shape and size , but they are always the plant organ best suited to capture solar energy .
The nomads live in tents while moving from place to place with their livestock and belongings .
They collect hundreds of plants to take back to England .
This state makes up the Indian part of Kashmir .
The Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation -LRB- which later became IBM -RRB- made his machines , and everyone was happy .
Microsoft is one of three big companies that make consoles .
We think the Aborigines came by boat from the islands of what is now Indonesia .
All these elements are gases that have no color and no smell .
Some comedians , such as Jerry Seinfeld , work as stand-up comedians as a job -LRB- way to make money -RRB- .
In modern-day Saudi Arabia , the Grand Mosque and all of Mecca are open only to Muslims .
Nostradamus has made many predictions about future .
When there are too many neutrons or protons , the atom tries to make the numbers the same by getting rid of the extra particles .
These states did not often work together and war raged .
It is one of the nations that founded the Non-Aligned Movement and the United Nations -LRB- when it was being ruled by Britain -RRB- .
Some of the numbers and symbols used instead of letters are in the table below .
Islamic law requires men and women to be separated in the prayer hall .
Sound waves are a lot of compressions and rarefactions .
It also seems to decrease when the sound source moves away from someone .
These are now used on the Internet , such as in chat rooms and on instant messenger software .
At that time , France had the largest population in Europe .
It is interesting to note that at the siege of Montsegur when the fires were lit the Cathars ran down the hill and threw themselves on , so devout was their belief .
There are many different types of atom each with its own name , mass and size .
Australia supported the United States in wars against dictatorships in Korea and Vietnam and later Iraq .
However , some helium atoms have only one neutron .
In England , Challis suggested the name Oceanus .
Some people say that a `` swinging rhythm '' happens when all the jazz musicians start to feel the same pulse and energy from the song .
When the Qing dynasty lost power and the Republic of China was set up , the new Republic moved its capital from Beijing to Nanjing .
The Milky Way , and all spiral shaped galaxies like it -LRB- see above image of NGC 2997 -RRB- , produce new stars at a rate of one or two stars per year .
Cheese and wine are a major part of the cuisine , playing different roles regionally and nationally .
A foot -LRB- one foot , two or more feet -RRB- is a body part on the end of a leg .
Because Cubans come from Spain , Africa , South America and North America , Cuban music is special and different .
When hot air meets cold air different weather effects happen .
Philosophers will also often use both real and imaginary examples to make a point .
In many societies , people like to cover the foot when they are with others , especially outside .
India is the second largest country by the number of people living in it , with China being the first .
1 .
The Americans supported the leader Fulgencio Batista , who was seen by many Cubans as corrupt .
A type of school subject .
Many unproven `` cures '' are still marketed today .
Skin is the outside covering of animals .
This tells others not to trust the article until it is fixed .
The issue of `` who is a Christian ? ''
Arguments for the existence of God typically include metaphysical , empirical , inductive , and subjective types .
Several space probes without people have gone to Mars to study it .
Under the new constitution , the president and two vice presidents are elected every five years .
Adams began to make a copy of the reply , but never sent it .
The other way nuclei can change is through nuclear fusion , when two nuclei join together , or fuse , to make a heavier nucleus .
Trademarks are used for products .
Most mosques have formal prayers for each of these times .
Some Hindus also believe that the spirit of God lives in everyone .
It is often used to measure the speed of cars , planes and boats by saying how many kilometres it can travel in an hour .
Spanish Merino sheep had been brought to Sydney , and by 1820 , farmers were raising fat lambs for meat and also sending fine wool back to the factories of England .
So are other Wikipedias .
Quebec became a province in the Canadian Confederation in 1867 .
Usually the International Phonetic Alphabet is used for this .
Also , physicists study the forces of gravity , electricity , magnetism and the forces that hold stuff together .
The SI unit of mass is the kilogram , written as kg .
The Australian Colonies Government Act -LRB- 1850 -RRB- allowed constitutions for New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
The arrondissements are re-divided into 4,032 cantons .
However that music was also influenced by gospel music which was religious .
Monkeys have been seen beating hollow logs .
There is more to graph theory than explained here .
When a person had new or unusual ideas , and wanted to talk to a crowd about them , sometimes he or she would stand on an empty soapbox so that everyone could see and hear the talk well .
For example , an understanding of how the thyroid gland functions has helped in treating goitre .
This means that all power in the state is ` diffused ' across the people who live there .
If people do not eat the right foods , they can become sick .
For example , in the United States , there is the Democratic Party and the Republican Party .
Refined oil is not a natural resource , for example , because people make it .
Periodic comets visit again and again .
These artists also invented linear perspective where things in the distance look smaller than things close up in the picture .
On 12 October 2009 , Just over 200 herdsmen and 1,000 heads of livestock had been stranded by heavy snowfalls in Ali prefecture , The week-long snowfall had accumulated to about 30 centimetres in Pulan County of Ali , with some areas reaching as much as 1 meter depth , according to Xing Xiuyin , head of an armed police detachment stationed in the Tibetan region .
There are many different types of philosophy from different times and places .
The main islands are Niihau , Kauai , Oahu , Molokai , Lanai , Kahoolawe , Maui and Hawaii .
It is like a planet , but smaller .
In 2005 it made over 5 million tonnes .
Jupiter rotates , or spins around very quickly .
This principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
Before tossing the coin someone has to decide what each picture means .
The name is the same all over the world , so that when scientists from different places talk or write about the living thing , they can understand each other .
Baseball and others do not , which sometimes causes problems .
Very few people in Finland are from other countries , only about one percent .
Tax is how government is paid for in most countries .
High speed trains include ETR-class trains which travel at 300 km\/h -LRB- 190 mph -RRB- .
The part of the foot which joins it to the leg is called the heel .
When someone does not like the ideology or logic used in an argument , they often say it makes no sense or is nonsense .
This is the Doppler Effect .
From circa 700 BC , when Numa Pompilius , the second king of Rome , added it to the calendar , February had 23 days and 24 days on some of every second year , until 46 BC when Julius Caesar assigned it 29 days on every fourth year and 28 days otherwise .
The thermodynamic definition of life is any system which can keep its entropy levels below maximum -LRB- usually through adaptation and mutations -RRB- .
There are a few `` Copyright libraries '' which have a copy of every book which has been written in that country .
An oven is a part of a stove that is like a box .
People can enjoy music by listening to it .
Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid . ''
In many ways it was held together as a reign of terror .
Their religion is called the Dreamtime , which has lots of stories about the creation of the world by spirits .
The GFDL also says that in order to distribute or modify a work licensed with the GFDL , the re-user must give credit to any previous authors of the work , and include a list of changes they made to the work .
Most atoms have a neutral charge ; because the number of protons -LRB- positive -RRB- and electrons -LRB- negative -RRB- are the same , the charges balance out to zero .
Settlements had spread out from Sydney , firstly to Norfolk Island and to Van Diemen 's Land -LRB- Tasmania -RRB- , and also up the coast to Newcastle , where coal was discovered , and inland where the missing cattle were found to have grown to a large herd .
It is also used in some kinds of light bulbs .
They are also used to teach about Islam .
Even if they do not carry guns , police almost always carry some or all of these things :
An explanation might be interesting or pleasing , but if it does not agree with what other scientists really see and measure , they will try to find a better explanation .
A person may do this better by looking through all the cards , finding the first card -LRB- 2 of diamonds -RRB- , and putting it at the start .
The composer Arnold Schoenberg -LRB- 1874-1951 -RRB- wrote pieces which were atonal -LRB- meaning that they did not sound as if they were in any clear musical key -RRB- .
During eclipses , mosques will host special prayers called eclipse prayers .
A green substance in plants called chlorophyll traps the energy from the Sun needed to make food .
Without knowing what a chough is , the phrase â I saw a chough fly off from its nestâ would let someone guess that it is a kind of bird .
The name galaxy is taken from the Greek word Galaxia meaning milky , a reference to our own galaxy , the Milky Way .
The keeping of bees is usually , and has been in the past , for honey .
In 1913 , Niels Bohr introduced the Bohr model .
People have tried to find cures for hair loss for thousands of years .
The second caliph Umar at one time stopped women from attending mosques , especially at night , because he feared they may be teased by males , so he made them to pray at home .
Most people in the UK speak English .
A port is also a harbor , but is usually bigger .
A few of the many jobs that require arithmetic include carpenters , plumbers , auto mechanics , accountants , architects , doctors , and nurses .
Japan 's leaders welcomed them originally , but the Europeans conquered many places in the world , and the Japanese were scared they would conquer Japan too .
In the 19th century , Cubans rebelled against the Spanish rulers , but failed until 1898 , when the United States went to war with the Spanish and defeated them .
The ovary is the swollen area at the bottom of the carpel .
If the Document does not specify a version number of this License , you may choose any version ever published -LRB- not as a draft -RRB- by the Free Software Foundation .
Whether published on paper or online , an encyclopedia is a collection of essays , each on a different subject .
Cuban music is very lively .
They are covered with scales , and have two sets of paired fins , and several unpaired fins .
For this reason , those inside the mosque should be respectful to those who are praying .
They can and do collide .
An operating system tells the computer how to understand what jobs it has to do , how to do these jobs , and how to tell people the results .
This spelling is used in American English .
Australian Rules Football is also popular .
The moon was credited for causing Neptune 's ring arcs when Voyager 2 observed Neptune in 1989 .
For women , they are ANZ Netball Championships , W-League and WNBL .
They built mesolithic wood and stone monuments , of which Stonehenge is one of the latest .
Stalin wanted Finland to become a communist state and be a part of the Soviet Union .
In a question , we can use like to ask people to talk about a thing , or to say if they find it good or not : : What 's your house like ?
On November 2010 French gastronomy was added by UNESCO to its lists of the world 's ` intangible cultural heritage ' .
On land the rodents -LRB- rats , mice -RRB- are hugely successful , more common in numbers than any other mammals .
Common nouns are all other nouns that are not proper nouns .
Pennsylvania Station , the busiest train station in the United States can be found here .
This is true of mathematics as well .
However , throughout history there have been many times when people have been forced to join a religion by violence and threats .
Boats with sails are called sailing boats .
Playwrights such as Samuel Beckett , EugÃ ne Ionesco , Harold Pinter , and Jean Genet wrote plays that are considered to be `` Theatre of the Absurd . ''
Ichthyosaurs , porpoises , dolphins , killer whales all have similar shapes .
Most countries of common law and civil law systems have a system of appeals courts , up to a supreme authority such as the Supreme Court or the High Court .
All of his plays are written in beautiful , poetic language .
The edges are straight lines .
A major influence was the palaces built during the Parthian and Sassanid dynasties of Persia .
It is not difficult to compose simple songs or melodies -LRB- tunes -RRB- .
For the more toxic items , it is more likely that returning it is required :
The main component of the Solar System is the Sun , which contains 98.6 percent of the system 's mass and whose gravity holds everything else in orbit .
The railway network in Italy totals 16,627 kilometres -LRB- 10,331 mi -RRB- , the 17th longest in the world . .
Austria was an empire from about 800 to 1918 and was ruled by The House of Habsburg for most of that period .
Many different theories of `` peace '' exist in the world of peace studies , which involves the study of conflict transformation .
String theory suggests that when these tiny loops move really , really fast back and forth in different and diverse ways , they are actually a different type of matter .
Many math problems are about physics .
The easiest way to understand what an operating system does is to take a close look at what computers were like before operating systems were invented .

The distribution of vaccines and other immune system affecting cures can be considered another level of acquired immune system , one governed by access to vaccination and medicine in general .
This was because he used a telescope , unlike anyone before him .
Army leaders in different area controlled the local governments , and later fell into the dictatorship of Chiang Kai-shek -LRB- Jiang Jieshi -RRB- .
Cuba also tried to get tourists to visit the island .
Modern cities with modern transport systems can grow very large , because the streets are wide enough for cars , buses and trucks , and there are often railway lines as well .
Some artists draw what they see the future like , and some of them are right ...
How do organisms relate to their environment ?
By definition , there is no way for anything in one universe to affect something in another .
It is very difficult to measure , and some think it should not be measured .
In the Launguedoc , on the 22nd of July 1209 , a force of about 30,000 Crusaders arrived at the walls of Beziers bearing the cross pattee so as to mislead and create ease amongst the Cathars thinking they we are friend not foe and demanded that about 200 Cathars be surrendered .
The concept of the world tree is also closely linked to the motif of the Tree of life .
The earliest mosques , opened in 7th century were open-air spaces .
The problem with the mean is that it does not tell anything about how the values are distributed .
It has sold over 30 million copies worldwide .
In 1973 , however , political crises led to the overthrow of the king .
They were not very high and did not look very rugged but for many years no-one could find their way through them .
Among the criticisms are that it is very hard to combine GFDL material with other copyleft licenses , that it is not always clear and easy to understand , and that some of its requirements , such as the `` invariant sections '' , are not free at all .
There are several different ways to cook food .
Maui is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands , in the United States .
Euler loved to go for walks , so he asked himself , whether it was possible to do a walk , use each of the bridges once , and come back to the point where he started .
Some conservative Christians are `` Sabbatarians '' .
Actually , the Earth take 365.24 days to revolve around the sun .
It is in the marine west coast climate region .
Mathematicians solve problems by using logic .
Also , images can be taken on different nights so exposures span hours , days or even months .
A comet 's tail does not trail behind it , but points directly away from the Sun , because it is blown by the solar wind .
China 's economy and military weakened during the Qing Dynasty -LRB- around the 17th century to 20th century -RRB- and the country was oppressed by foreign nations .
Typical galaxies range from dwarfs with as few as ten million -LRB- 107 -RRB- stars up to giants with a hundred trillion -LRB- 1014 -RRB- stars , all orbiting the galaxy 's center of mass. .
A boil can also be an infection of the skin .
Another main belief is that humans have a `` soul '' or spirit which lives on after their body has died .
Electrons orbit or go around the nucleus .
Animals breathe Oxygen to live .
If they multiply a negative number by a positive number , or multiply a positive number by a negative number , they get a negative result .
-LRB- The Iron Age was in Finland 2500-800 years ago -RRB- .
Because it works and is also unfair to everyone who would benefit from what they say , it is considered to be a weak or poor argument .
Some philosophers came from Ancient Greece , such as Plato and Aristotle .
Nuts are still a symbol of fertility in Southwest England .
An important new party , the Liberal Party of Australia was made by Robert Menzies in 1944 and it won lots of elections from 1949 until in 1972 , then Gough Whitlam won for the Labor Party .
The term is used to describe a rhetorical argument , that is directed towards the person who says something , not about the cause at hand .
As the universe expands , the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter , since the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength .
`` Ryan '' is a name of a person , usually a male .
Most Australians live in cities along the coast , such as Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , Darwin , Hobart and Adelaide .
You can do this by writing in your edit summary where you have copied the work from .
Domes would help the imam be heard , as the sound waves would bounce in and then out of the dome making the voice louder .
Running a computer this way requires a `` boss '' program that controls all the other programs , and asks the user what program the user wants to run .
Studying distant galaxies is the best way of learning about our own , as the gases and stars in our own galaxy make it hard for us to observe our own .
This is eleven times bigger than the diameter of Earth .
The first suggestion for a name came from Galle .
Most of the native Cubans died because of the new diseases brought by the Spanish and Africans .
The further away the electron is from the nucleus , the weaker the pull of the nucleus on it .
The way people moved was planned in set formation .
Young rivers often have lots of small waterfalls and rapids .
It became the largest city in England , but it did not become the capital city of England until the 12th century .
India has also done nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998 , and it is one of the few countries that has nuclear bombs .
A very old story says that the city was started by the famous hero of Greece , named Hercules .
People separated the air into many parts and isolated the noble gases from it .
The emperor would notice an outstanding young man from one of the best families .
A river begins as a small stream and gets bigger , the farther that it flows .
Sound waves with frequency below 20 Hz are called infrasound waves .
Dark matter gravitates as ordinary matter does , and thus slows the expansion of the universe ; by contrast , dark energy serves to accelerate the universe 's expansion .
People from some religions do not agree with the beliefs of existentialism .
Political parties can be against the law in some places .
There are many islands , but there are no mountains .
Some people , like Captain Charles Sturt were sure that there must be a sea in the middle of Australia and set out to find it .
Mathematicians can receive the Abel prize and the Fields Medal for important works .
This phrase is often used when the words and sentences of a law could mean more than one thing , but a judge must decide what meaning is correct .
The hair that grows on the upper lip of some men is a mustache .
Also , Cathars preached that only these Good leaders had to follow the regimens their whole lives - lay people could repent only on their deathbeds .
One of the ways the government leads the group is by making laws and rules which tell everybody what they can and can not do .
This is because it can land on 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , or 6 .
This is because the 4th commandment has never been revoked and Sabbath-keeping is in any case a creation ordinance .
People in China will have holidays to celebrate these festivals .
Ecological economics and human development theory try to separate the economic questions from others , but it is difficult .
Pluralism has been very popular in the United States .
Works licensed under the GFDL may be included in with non-GFDL-licensed works only if it is clear which parts of the work are licensed as the GFDL .
The instrument might be someone 's own voice .
Slaves may not have all rights .
The provinces are located in the south of Canada , and the territories are in the north , where fewer people live .
But money lasts longer than most trade goods .
The four main moons are Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .
Age determination is also impossible in endogenous trees .
A different interpretation -LRB- way to interpret -RRB- of unvorsum is `` everything rotated as one '' or `` everything rotated by one '' .
The Classical period is about -LRB- 1750-1825 -RRB- .
The probe also discovered the Great Dark Spot , although it has now disappeared after when the Hubble Space Telescope took pictures of Neptune in 1994 .
The last eruption of Haleakala happened over 200 years ago , and this lava flow can be seen between Ahihi Bay and La Perouse Bay on the southeast shore .
Another important reason is that the streets in old cities are often narrow .
London-Heathrow is the nationâ s largest airport and is one of the most important international hubs in the world .
Philosophy is the study of humans and the world by thinking and asking questions .
This scale used to be common in Britain but is not often used in English speaking countries today .
It is there to remember the Resurrection of Jesus on the first day of the week on the Jewish calendar .
If the data follows this pattern -LRB- we would say the data is normally distributed -RRB- , about 68 of every 100 pieces of data will be off the average by less than the standard deviation .
Theft is also known as permanent borrowing .
Its people include people of Portuguese or other European descent , African descent , and native Amerindians , as well as many people of mixed origins .
Comedy shows on television are often called `` sitcoms . ''
The person who reads the Torah scroll stands there when he reads .
This means that if any member is attacked or invaded by another country without attacking that country first , the other members will come to help the country that was attacked first .
Sometimes society makes rules about hair , for example by not allowing people to cut their hair or beards .
There may be linear or simultaneous equations of algebra .
Death is the end of life in a living system , or in a part of it .
Jazz music has a swinging rhythm .
Many people adopt vegetarian diets with high dietary fiber to prevent diarrhea and other digestive problems .
They called it Ji -LRB- è `` -RRB- .
Just 50 years ago , Australia had only one big Art festival .
India is the seventh largest country in the world .
Finland is a highly industrialized First World country .
If the user wanted to change what the computer was doing , the user had to open the back panel on the -LRB- then very large -RRB- computer , and change how the wires were connected .
About 95 % of all people with this form will die .
In August 2008 , China hosted the Summer Olympics for the first time .
In December 2004 , Hamid Karzai , became the first democratically elected president of Afghanistan .
As a result , both mainland China and Taiwan do not recognize that the state of Arunachal Pradesh belongs to India .
One possible list of answers to these questions can be called a ` philosophy ' .
Companies were started for the purpose of publishing encyclopedias for the public use in libraries , which is different from when an encyclopedia was the curriculum of a private school .
The water in a sea can not be drunk safely because it is `` salt water '' .
There is usually some disagreement between people within a party , but they work together because they feel that they agree on enough things , and they will have more power if they join together .
Australia 's landmass of 7,617,930 square kilometers is on the Indo-Australian plate .
Then other people do not get the virus .
Australian traded with Britain then more and more with the United States and Japan .
The US Army built Fort Baker there in 1864 .
In the past , people built huts and wood houses to protect themselves from the weather .
See also GNU Free Documentation License for what the GFDL is .
Although Heinrich d'Arrest was still a student at the Berlin Observatory , he suggested that a newly drawn map of the sky , in the region of Le Verrier 's predicted area , could be compared with the current sky to look for the displacement characteristic of a planet , as compared to a fixed star .
Other things that were easier to carry around than cows also came to be held as valuable , and were used as trade items , such as jewelry and spices .
What did the artist value ?
Black pudding is an English name for blood sausage .
In 1707 , the Scottish and English Parliaments agreed the Treaty of Union , which joined the two countries into one country called The Kingdom of Great Britain under Queen Anne .
Given their small size , bonsai plants would not technically be ` trees ' , but one should not confuse reference to the form of a species with the size or shape of individual specimens .
Dust storms and sandstorms are common .
The mass spectrometer actually measures the mass and weight of individual atoms .
They may once have been strapped together .
Muhammad thought women should not be forbidden in mosques .
December begins on the same day of the week as September every year .
It came abroad from Kaffa by the Black Sea .
In 1788 the British First Fleet of 11 ships , carrying about 1500 people arrived at Sydney .
Canada is governed on the principles of a federation : the Provinces ' governments share power with the Government of Canada -LRB- the federal government -RRB- .
Igor Stravinsky -LRB- 1882-1971 -RRB- wrote music with very complicated -LRB- difficult -RRB- chords -LRB- groups of notes that are played together -RRB- and rhythms .
The Torah from the Old Testament is probably the oldest body of law .
In this case , in the seas .
Algebra also introduces graphing , or drawing a picture that shows all the values of the variables that make the equation true .
When dealing with larger numbers than this , there are two different ways of naming the numbers in English .
At high altitudes in the mountains , water boils at a lower temperature , because of the lower atmospheric pressure in high places .
Some examples are strawberry , raspberry , blueberry , and lingonberry .
Atoms are very small ; the exact size changes depending on the element : they range from 0.1 to 0.5 nanometers .
The universe has not been the same at all times in its history .
It is still used in some other European nations .
It is a broader term than geology because it includes aspects of planetary science , which is part of astronomy .
Tourists also come to see Italy 's many historical places .
Stores may run out of food or shoes before all the people have bought what they needed .
There is a very small group -LRB- a minority -RRB- of a few thousand Samis -LRB- also called Lapps -RRB- in the most northern part of Finland , called Lapland .
Some people say that art is a product or item that is made with the intention of stimulating the human senses as well as the human mind or spirit .
One of the major goals of physics is making theories that apply to everything in the universe .
There are many units of measurement for speed .
The word `` boil '' also has a different meaning .
In the teachings of Judaism , people were told to `` love your neighbor as yourself '' .
It comes from rain or snow and it can usually be drunk safely , unless it has been polluted .
The purpose of this License is to make a manual , textbook , or other functional and useful document `` free '' in the sense of freedom : to assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it , with or without modifying it , either commercially or noncommercially .
Seville is also the name of a place in the State of Ohio .
This is not the first time Christians assembled together on a Sunday ; Jesus appeared to the Christians on the `` first day of the week '' while they were in hiding .
There are many different religions , each with a different set of beliefs .
By 1949 , the Red Army won .
Before Roman times , Colchester was Camulodunon .
Other philosophers are just `` hobby '' thinkers who think about philosophy during their free time .
Two famous gates to see are the Puerta del Sol and the Puerta de AlcalÃ .
Storms can last for hours or as long as hundreds of years in the case of the Great Red Spot .
It is surrounded by deserts .
These formations were usually lines or squares .
The language of the Pashtuns , called Pashto , is an official language of Afghanistan .
Usually in nature two things with the same charge repel or shoot away from each other .
France and 11 other European Union members jointly launched the euro on 1 January 1999 and started using it in 2002 .
These theories are part of politics .
Honshu , which means ` Mainland ' in Japanese language , is the biggest island .
Microsoft Corporation is a very big company which makes computer software and videogames all over the world .
In 1989 the Soviet Army withdrew the last of its troops .
`` Vol '' and `` pÃ 1\/4 k '' come from the English words `` world '' and `` speech '' .
It covers 11,035,000 km2 -LRB- 4,260,637 sq mi -RRB- .
You are brave and faithful , and this will protect our homes and our rights . '' -RRB-
Only men may lead prayers for men .
Many of Afghanistan 's wild animals roam the mountains .
The study of the rules of the natural world is called science .
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material copied from the Document , you may at your option designate some or all of these sections as invariant .
French literature began in the Middle Ages .
Formosa means `` beautiful island '' in Portuguese .
Posting any information about yourself on a website is often a bad idea unless you are very sure what you are doing .
Given the minimalist -LRB- repetitive -RRB- nature of the music , audience members are free to enter and leave the opera as they wish .
The Quebec Act gave the Quebec people their first Charter of rights .
The country has a population of 201,103,330 people .
Art music composers such as George Gershwin wrote music that was influenced by jazz .
There is no rule that is used all over the world to decide why some places are called `` city '' and other places are called `` town '' .
This part of the Second World War is called the Continuation War in Finland .
The most common way for a regime to lose power was a coup , invasion or revolution until the 20th century .
Britain sent its own troops to defend Spain since it was so weak .
The government succeeded in seeing that the three different groups were treated the same .
Today , this problem is known as the Seven Bridges of KÃ nigsberg .
The largest beekeeping operations are agricultural businesses that are operated for profit .
When the military-based state , the Roman Empire , fell , lots of little states were made and each was also military-based and controlled by a king .
They can give some user rights to others .
Santa Claus is an old Finnish tradition , although later the Coca-Cola company introduced him to the world .
The idea of an old man with a beard has been used in art since the Renaissance , but is not what most monotheists actually believe he looks like .
In the arts , the Baroque was a Western cultural era , which began near the turn of the 17th century in Rome .
VolapÃ 1\/4 k is a constructed language created in 1880 by Johann Martin Schleyer .
The Census of Marine Life is a ten year survey of life in the oceans , starting in 2000 .
This would seem to show that while the Sabbath was still of importance to the Jews , Sunday was a separate day for worship and teaching from Scriptures .
But this is different in Cuba .
Compared to what is known about the other planets in the Solar System , little is known about Mercury ; telescopes on the Earth show only a small , bright crescent .
In the periodic table the elements are arranged into periods and groups .
Usually , small boats have only one sail , and bigger boats have more .
After a while , all that may be left is a fringe of hair running above the ears and around the lower back of the head .
Under Mao the country experienced great social upheaval during the Cultural Revolution and suffered famines during his attempt at industrialization in the Great Leap Forward .
But that is just what the sentence says .
Peace of mind is generally associated with bliss and happiness .
Many Mosques throughout the United States welcome non-Muslims as a sign of openness to the rest of the community and to encourage conversions to Islam .
Some people wanted to be able to tell their machine to do different things .
Boabdil , the last Moorish Prince of Granada , gave the keys to King Ferdinand of Aragon on 2 January 1492 .
This is known as binomial nomenclature , because it is a way to describe organisms using two names , the first is the Genus name , and the second is the adjective that denotes the specific species of that genus .
There are many famous physicists .
He wrote plays in the late 16th century including Romeo and Juliet and Macbeth .
If you remember getting bored doing your times tables , you will know exactly how they felt .
After the printing press was invented , dictionaries with long definitions began to be called encyclopedias .
The name `` Google '' is a misspelling of the word googol .
The galactic disc , which bulges outward at the galactic center , has a diameter of 70 â `` 100,000 light years .
For convenience , the fields are grouped by the major difference that inspired them .
The following taxonomy of extant and recently extinct mammals is from Vaughan et al . 2000 .
It lies along the Kabul River south of the Hindu Kush range .
Mathematicians are people who learn about and discover such things in mathematics .
The first encyclopedias may have begun as lecture notes by and for the teachers of ancient schools , such as Aristotleâ s school .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year , with 31 days .
Most sources say that Australia is one of the seven continents .
It is most commonly measured in forestry - in fact sustainable forestry is defined as that which does not harvest more wood in a year than has grown in that year , within a given patch of forest .
The GNU Free Documentation License -LRB- GFDL -RRB- is a copyleft license for open content .
Usually each generation or social group has its own slang - for example , older people can have trouble understanding the slang of younger people .
In some countries , such as Germany , law requires attention to the comprehensive outcome of the whole extraction , production , distribution , use and waste of a product , and holds those profiting from these legally responsible for any outcome along the way .
Operating systems generally start up automatically when the user turns on the computer .
At other times , some people may use profanity as humor .
This could be more inclusive than the is\/has view of souls and bodies .
ChÅ `` bu Centrair International Airport near Nagoya is the newest of the three .
If someone understands an idea or is aware of something , then he or she has knowledge of it .
A very easy way to tell if someone is using this the right way is if the object that they are talking about can be pointed to .
The computer scientist may see different ways to sort the playing cards .
Poetry includes much metaphor , usually more than prose .
Many of them -LRB- Buddhism , Hinduism , Jainism , etc. -RRB- have similar laws or principles though .
It was written around 1280 BC .
Whitlam made changes , but he made the Senate unhappy and the Governor-General sacked him and forced an election in 1975 .
The most popular sport in Denmark is football -LRB- soccer -RRB- .
The programs that run on an Operating System talk to the hardware -LRB- Specifically through the BIOS -RRB- .
All the states , and the territories of Dehli , and Puducherry elect their local government themselves .
Another slang use of the word `` boot '' is to say `` Fred got the boot from the company . ''
In some countries , people write by using ink and brushes .
In symbols , this is `` 10 Ã -- 10 = 100 '' .
But - some people who say they are refugees want to come to Australia by boat without asking the government first .
Condensing water vapor , comets and asteroids hitting the Earth made the oceans .
Other people say that although we can not prove supernatural things in a scientific way , they are real .
Addition can also mean to make bigger .
Turbulence in the Earth 's atmosphere blurs images taken by ground-based telescopes , an effect known as seeing .
Every few years the Aboriginal people would burn the grass and small trees .
The Earth 's magnetosphere does not even cover its moon , less than a million miles away .
Along with Io , Europa and Callisto , Ganymede is one of the Galilean moons , the four biggest moons of Jupiter .
Human death is very carefully tracked in case of a killing or something -LRB- like a disease -RRB- that may continue to kill other humans .
These plays were called Commedia dell ` arte , and different stories would be created around the same group of characters .
A government is said to regulate trade as well as to rule over land .
One reason is that old cities often have a city wall , and most of the city is inside it .
By the mid-19th century they were good enough for other galaxies to be distinguished .
Computer operators and computer scientists grew tired of carrying around large stacks of punch cards .
Another type of comedy is `` stand-up comedy . ''
We can not see space beyond the limitations of light -LRB- or any electromagnetic radiation -RRB- .
This research during the 1980s and 1990s radically changed the view of the human immune system and its functions and integration in the human body .
By contrast , bitchin ' -LRB- sometimes `` bitchen '' -RRB- can mean something very good or pleasant -LRB- `` a bitchin ' car '' -RRB- .
In wealthy industrialized countries such as the US , Canada , and Britain , workers are allowed to stay home on the weekend -LRB- usually Saturday and Sunday -RRB- , and use it as leisure time .
They were Christians , and they controlled Spain for two hundred years .
Fish , the oldest vertebrate group , includes a huge range of types , from the Middle Ordovician , about 490 million years ago , to the present day .
Minarets are tall towers .
The volume of Jupiter is 1,317 times the volume of Earth .
The tallest trees in Australia are all eucalypts , of which there are more than 700 species .
The courts are not usually considered part of the regime .
River Plate was incorrectly translated though , and should have been translated to English as River of -LRB- the -RRB- Silver .
The existence of arcs is very hard to understand because the laws of motion would predict that arcs spread out into a single ring in a very short time .
Argentina is a Christian country .
The sides -LRB- faces -RRB- of a cube are squares .
There is a solution of sodium chloride -LRB- NaCl -RRB- left .
Now , 150 years later , it really is a big city .
One type of comedy is called `` slap stick comedy . ''
Music may not be something that is limited to humans .
This would put it in the Oldowan era of the Paleolithic .
To show the difference the strongest tropical storms on Earth are about 100 km\/h .
For instance , they may refuse to obey the law , and count on their fellow society members to free them in a jury or court of appeal .
Seville -LRB- spelled Sevilla in Spanish -RRB- is a big city in the South of Spain , in Europe .
Computers might also have a graphics card , which helps the computer to create visual effects , such as 3D environments , or more realistic colors , and more powerful graphics cards can make more realistic or more advanced images , in the same way a well trained artist can .
Others believe that Australia is part of another continent called Oceania .
At that time , big factories manufactured products like paper and steel .
Summers are hot and dry .
A geographer tries to understand the world and the things that are in it , how they started and how they have changed .
He said any crusader who answered the call would be given the same rewards as a crusader who went to the Holy Land .
Transistors replaced vacuum tubes in the 1960 's because they were smaller and cheaper .
He was very sad and ended up jumping into the river to end his life .
These are wax and propolis .
There are many different versions of string theory , and none of them are fully accurate .
The war was fought for eight years and millions of Chinese people were killed .
They also processed special minerals from a mine in Sweden to get rare earth metals .
Some cows are sick and old , and others are healthy and young .
The Indian national football team has won the South Asian Football Federation Cup many times .
Women were given the vote in the Parliament of South Australia in 1895 and they became the first women in the world allowed to stand in elections .
Eventually , the electrons and nuclei combined to form stable atoms , which are transparent to most wavelengths of radiation ; at this point , the radiation decoupled from the matter , forming the ubiquitous , isotropic background of microwave radiation observed today .
Without leap years , the seasons would start one day earlier on the calendar every four years .
Goldfish and Siamese Fighting Fish are popular types of pet fish .
Denmark is divided into five regions -LRB- Danish : regioner , singular : region -RRB- .
India is the largest democracy in the world by population .
France is in Western Europe .
A county , district , city , or other small area also has a council , that makes the rules and laws for its level of government .
Printing coincided with the Great Vowel Shift at the end of Middle English -LRB- end 14th to 15th centuries -RRB- .
Mathematicians call the two numbers you wish to multiply `` coefficients '' together , or `` multiplicand '' and `` multiplicator '' separately .
North of the central mountains are fertile plains and foothills .
Nearly all are seasoned with a combination of herbs and spices in addition to salt .
All though the initial 30 years of governing , the Communist Party , led by Mao Zedong , has eliminated free-thinking in politics , economics and academic aspects .
It is related to electrical engineering , mathematics , and language science .
A lot of it is called `` Windows Live '' - `` service '' , with the name `` Windows Live '' put in front of the name of the service , like Windows Live Hotmail .
An example of Aboriginal land management was the Cumberland Plain where Sydney is now .
This oxygen also formed the ozone layer which protects the Earth from bad ultraviolet radiation from the Sun .
Tree climbing is an `` on rope '' activity that puts together many different tricks and gear originally derived from rock climbing and caving .
Types of state can be separated into two categories : democracy and dictatorship .
Cheese is a solid food made from milk .
Before people made boats with engines that used coal or oil , sailing boats were an important way to travel across oceans .
Such a boss program is called an operating system .
Madrid has some lovely parks .
For example , condensed matter physics and nuclear physics benefit from the ability to perform experiments .
And the largest animal is the elk -LRB- moose -RRB- .
Height is the distance between the lowest end and highest end of an object .
The relationship could be a matter of historical connection with the subject or with related matters , or of legal , commercial , philosophical , ethical or political position regarding them .
Bob 's house is 300 meters east of Tom 's house .
The university cities of Oxford and Cambridge are famous throughout the world .
The way a legislature is supposed to work can usually be found in the constitution of that state or country .
The country was where both the First and Second World Wars took place .
Then France is divided into 100 departments .
There are also genetic differences between men and women .
The Tour de France cycling race in July is one of the best-known sporting events .
The people in Australia wanted to run their own country , and not be told what to do from London .
4 .
For example , mercury -LRB- II -RRB- chloride is very toxic .
A person who studies astronomy is called an astronomer .
They are , in fact , the biggest fresh water lakes in the world -LRB- freshwater is water that is not salty like the ocean -RRB- .
; Wank or wanker See `` jerkoff '' above .
People who have no money and can not get help from society may have to agree to do things they do not want to do , or force others to do things they do not want to .
Australia had a really hard time in the Great Depression of the 1930s and joined Britain in a war against Nazi Germany when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939 .
Foods are raw when they are not cooked .
They divided plays into two kinds : tragedy and comedy .
The British Government were sure that there must be a very large land in the south , that had not been explored .
March 's flower is the jonquil and its birthstone is the bloodstone .
The same thing happens when someone moves toward the sound source .
The country has a number of islands , the biggest of which are Sicily and Sardinia , which are reached by ship or aircraft .
Cars , factories , and garbage create a lot of pollution that makes people sick .
Large mammals on land have been hunted to extinction in many parts of the world .
These are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create .
It is the only planet that has a group of asteroids similar to this .
Some think this idea affects our ideas about money -LRB- economics -RRB- and our ideas of time .
This meant that Cuba , which had sold most of its products to the Soviet Union , had no money coming into the country .
In the prayer halls , people must not wear shoes for much the same reason .
An adopted son or two gave the emperor more choices .
We also can use statistics to find out that some percent , percentile , number , or fraction of people or things in a group do something or fit in a certain category .
Some people think that there is more than one Universe .
These ranged from simple vandalism to arson .
100 years later , in the Victorian era , architects like George Fowler Jones and Decimus Burton still followed the Gothic style , to build new churches .
In people , transmission -LRB- giving the virus to someone -RRB- happens because of touching fluids with the virus .
In gases like air , the molecules are just flying around .
People can learn about the past by talking to people who remember things that happened in the past .
The average speed of an object in a certain time is the distance the object traveled divided by the time .
Anyone can make a map , but there are people who spend their lives learning how to make complicated maps .
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text , to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version .
This story lists a very different set of commandments .
The word berry is used for many different kinds of small fruits that have many seeds and can be used as food .
Ù Ù Ø Û Ø Ø Ù Ø Ù
For that reason , persons who do not know about caring for trees may not link the actual cause with the later damaged effect .
Examples of early computers are the astrolabe and the abacus .
The distances between the spinning galaxies increase with time , but the distances between the stars within each galaxy stay roughly the same , due to their gravitational interactions .
They also go to different shops at special stores .
When people get Ebola , it is called an outbreak .
In the Old Testament , the New Testament , and the Qur ` an angels appear frequently as the messengers of God .
A group of asteroids called the Trojan asteroids follow Jupiter as it goes around the Sun .
1 .
4 .
In American English , the `` pier '' or `` wharf '' could be called a `` dock '' , and the water between would be a `` slip '' .
Earth is a terrestrial planet .
Everything is made of matter .
Hair color is passed down by parents only .
In democracies , the people in a country usually choose people called politicians to represent them in a legislature .
Known sightings of Mercury date back to at least the first millennium BC .
A proof gives a reason why a rule in mathematics is correct .
This is how long it takes half of any sample of atoms of that type to decay until they become a different stable isotope or element .
Water divides a lot of the city .
The rings ' particles may consist of a heavily processed material which was initially similar to that of the inner moons .
There are also some websites that uses MediaWiki as a content management system .
They usually live in reefs where their flat bodies can slip in and out among the corals , sponges , and rocks , keeping hidden from predators .
They are Welsh in Wales , Gaelic and Scots in Scotland and Northern Ireland , Irish in Northern Ireland , and Cornish in Cornwall .
Tigers used to roam the hills , but they are now extinct .
The SchrÃ dinger equation is used to find out where an electron is likely to be found .
People who are Muslim are not allowed to eat this type of salami because it is pork .
June is the sixth month of the year .
If someone bangs saucepans while cooking , it makes noise .
The country is made up of one big island and many smaller islands .
The leaves are alternately arranged simple ovals .
There are only four forces that appear to operate over this whole range .
In American English spelling there is no difference in spelling between the verb `` to license '' meaning to give permission , and the noun `` a licence '' meaning the permission to do something .
This was called Federation , and happened in 1901 .
Music may have arisen amongst humans when stone tools first began to be used by hominids .
Something that is open content may be free of charge , but it does not have to be .
Its capital was Rome , and its empire was based on the Mediterranean .
Plato and his student Aristotle had many ideas which are still the most important in this culture .
Some makers do not add rennet and curdle it in other ways .
It can also mean a moral choice one makes often and consistently , for example , many Buddhists avoid eating meat as a matter of principle .
In the United States , it stopped after the American Civil War .
In the 1500s , groups of actors who would tour around Italy performing comic plays to entertain townspeople .
The set E is a binary set , whose pairwise elements are elements of set V. Each pair in set E represents an edge connecting two vertices .
This means that Fred got fired from the company .
Mussolini tried to make another Northern Italian fascist state , the Republic of SalÃ , but it failed .
It does not cost money to get a library card at most public libraries .
But now there were thousands of people and many of them had never been to Britain , an eight month journey away by sea .
A copy made in an otherwise Transparent file format whose markup , or absence of markup , has been arranged to thwart or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not Transparent .
Some of their plays survived , and are still performed today .
There are arithmetic rules for vectors .
It is just a mixture .
Permission is granted to copy , distribute and\/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License , Version 1.2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation ; with no Invariant Sections , with no Front-Cover Texts , and with no Back-Cover Texts .
Other animals , for example certain insects and spiders also have hairs ; these are however not true hair in the biological sense , but rather bristles .
Australian became more multicultural .
When a function takes one variable in , like f -LRB- x -RRB- , it is called a univariate function .
Most ordinary computer users take their operating system for granted .
This process needs certain minerals : nitrogen , potassium , phosphorus , iron and magnesium .
They had a Greek chorus that offered information to help the audience follow the performance .
To avoid complex details , here is what happened : over a century , the pronunciation of all the vowels changed , and is still not standard throughout Britain .
Britain needed a place to send its convicts -LRB- people who had been sent to jail for theft and other crimes -RRB- because its gaols were full and it had just lost its American colonies in the American War of Independence .
We recommend this License principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference .
Other composers , like Richard Strauss , and Franz Liszt created narratives and told stories using only music , which is called a tone poem .
Dublin is also the biggest city on the island of Ireland .
It studies how people think about moral issues , problems , and questions .
The UK is also rules , usually indirectly , a number of smaller places -LRB- mostly islands -RRB- round the world , which are known as overseas territories .
They say that there is an analogy between the obligation of the Christian day of worship and the Sabbath-day ordinance .
Donald Freeman .
Time is not considered in Eriugena 's definition ; thus , his definition includes everything that exists , has existed and will exist , as well as everything that does not exist , has never existed and will never exist .
Egyptian documents says that a soap-like substance was used in the preparation of wool for weaving .
Most of the matter in the Universe may be in a form which can not be detected by present methods .
There are two ideas that predict the same physical observations of the whole universe .
Words like nouns were described in early days by the Sanskrit grammarian PÄ á ini and ancient Greeks like Dionysios Thrax .
There are three main types of galaxies : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
The largest island in the world is Greenland , unless Australia is believed to be an island .
Around the UK are the North Sea , the English Channel and the Atlantic Ocean .
A Constitution is often a way of a uniting within a Federation .
Comedy shows are very popular on television .
In logic , a proof is something that starts with premises , and goes through a few logical arguments , to reach a conclusion .
Disagreeing with the Cuban government and Fidel Castro in public was not allowed .
It is hard to say if this one was critical .
or `` This is my home . '' -RRB- .
There are many types of cheese .
Again Australia joined in to help Britain .
In symbols , this is `` 10 Ã -- 100 = 10 Ã -- 10 Ã -- 10 = 1000 '' .
This is more than three times the height of Earth 's tallest mountain , Mount Everest .
A political party is an organized group of voters .
To get into trouble .
These are -LRB- from oldest to youngest -RRB- : Kohala -LRB- extinct -RRB- , Ninole -LRB- extinct , mostly buried -RRB- , Mauna Kea -LRB- extinct or dormant ? -RRB-
They say that non-Muslims may not be allowed into mosques at all .
Frequency is determined by the number of vibrations per second .
The United States occupied Japan and forced it to write a new constitution , in which it promised to never go to war again .
An important new party , the Liberal Party of Australia was made by Robert Menzies in 1944 and it won lots of elections from 1949 until in 1972 , then Gough Whitlam won for the Labor Party .
The Chinese Civil War was going on throughout World War II .
A person might go to other people 's houses and talk about their beliefs , or invite the people to join in the rituals of the religion , such as going to church or to a religious festival .
Here is a list of planets in the Solar System .
Natural number has two forms .
This is with the increase in the number of Indian Grandmasters .
; Pretending to give fellatio One pokes out a cheek with the tongue , while rocking a closed hand toward the mouth , at the same time .
These commandments are translated from Ancient Hebrew to Simple English , so the exact words chosen can not mean to us exactly what they meant to the Hebrews .
If they take away a negative number from another this is the same as adding the positive number with the same numerals .
The order of the words has changed : if just the words , without the grammar , are translated into English , it would mean ` to me they please the cars fast ' .
It is a custom in many parts of the world that women change their family name to that of their new husband when they marry .
These people may have grown wealthy off the lapis lazuli they found along riverbeds , which they traded to early city sites to the west , across the Iranian plateau and Mesopotamia .
But all these types of dance have music .
Some live in deserts , and still others are in rivers , lakes , and seas all around the world .
In light , black is lack of all color .
Also , many people went to universities to get a good education .
The heat they need to live is made chemically inside their body .
But if people get care from doctors and nurses , more of them live .
In some cultures , a person has a one-part name , such as `` ShiningWater . ''
A sample job would be making acetylene .
People in cities need food , and the food always has to come from outside the city .
The study of the sources and methods used to study and write history is called historiography .
Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain ASCII without markup , Texinfo input format , LaTeX input format , SGML or XML using a publicly available DTD , and standard-conforming simple HTML , PostScript or PDF designed for human modification .
From the Middle Ages Finland was a part of Sweden .
Ebola , pronounced E - Bo-la , is a hemorrhagic fever virus .
There were many black musicians living there who played a style of music called blues music .
For example , if we invent a theory that says All houses are made of wood , we can not say that it is true because all the houses we have seen are made of wood .
Then Japan started attacking Australia , and Australians had to fight close to home for the first time .
Many Muslims , regardless of their ethnic background , wear Middle eastern clothing associated with Arabic Islam to special occasions and prayers at mosques .
Physics is a quantitative science because it is based on measuring with numbers .
One kilometre is 0.6214 miles -LRB- 3280.84 feet -RRB- .
The groups that were together once before are called `` historic communities '' : Catalonia , Basque Country , Galicia and Andalusia .
In a few other dictatorships , such as Saudi Arabia , all political parties are banned and there is no parliament at all .
In musical notation the letter A is the symbol of a note in the scale , below B and above G.
It is forbidden to wear shoes in the carpeted area of the prayer hall .
The Golden Mean was a rule -LRB- or law -RRB- which said , -LRB- to put it very simply -RRB- if you are making a room , or any other thing , it will work best if you always make the long side 1.6 times longer than the short side .
Attempts to solve the problem with meetings and negotiations are then called diplomacy .
For example , if part of the work is labeled as an `` invariant section , '' it can not ever be removed or changed by someone using the work -LRB- `` invariant '' means `` does not change '' -RRB- .
Water is transported from the roots to the rest of the plant through special vessels in the plant .
A somewhat standardized classification system has been adopted by most current mammalogy classroom textbooks .
The multicultural society was destroyed , and so was the learning .
This main idea says that the two calculus processes , differential and integral calculus , are opposites .
The opposite of diarrhea , firm feces are a sign of good digestive health .
The universities were born in Europe during the Middle Ages .
If a word is not simple or not used often here , it should be explained on a new page .
However , London also has many migrants , who come from many different countries , speaking different languages and with different religions and cultures .
The distance from Tom 's house to Bob 's house added to the distance from Bob 's house to Sally 's house is the same as the distance from Tom 's house to Sally 's house .
One of the biggest features in Jupiter 's atmosphere is the Great Red Spot .
Bancruptcy is when someone or an organization does not have enough money to pay all of its debt is insolvent .
Castro then asked the Soviet Union to help defend them from the Americans , which they did .
Montreal is built on an island sitting in the Saint Lawrence River .
All the plants were different so no-one knew which ones could be eaten .
When these rings were discovered by a team led by Edward Guinan , originally they thought that the rings may not be complete rings .
Mammals are a group of vertebrate animals which form the class Mammalia .
The periodic table can be used by chemists to observe patterns , and relationships between the elements .
Physics is the science of matter and how matter interacts .
Everyone moved at the same time , and finished at the same time .
, and ounces -LRB- oz . -RRB- .
Rodents are also very popular pets .
In the 1950 's computers were built out of mostly vacuum tubes .
Westminster has Westminster Abbey -LRB- a cathedral -RRB- , The Palace of Westminster -LRB- the Houses of Parliament , with Big Ben -RRB- , and 10 Downing Street -LRB- where the Prime Minister lives -RRB- .
States and union territories are different in the way they are represented .
The original salami was made from a mix of chopped pork and salt which was dried using air in a casing .
It is a way to use reputation and rumor and hearsay to change minds .
Spectacles or eyeglasses also use lenses to correct a person 's vision .
In 1210 they attacked the fortress at Minerv and built `` the first great bonfire of heretics '' - beginning the practice of burning at the stake that would continue in the Inquisition of the Counter-Reformation .
Other comedians do stand-up comedy in nightclubs -LRB- bars where adults drink alcohol and relax -RRB- as a hobby -LRB- activity that a person does for fun -RRB- .
Camulos was the Celtic god of war .
A handful of countries like China , North Korea and Cuba still have one-party dictatorships .
There are many slang terms for dying .
An individual person who owes debt and can not pay it can also `` declare bankruptcy '' .
A river usually ends by flowing into an ocean , a lake or a bigger river .
In the South , the climate is mainly tropical , which means it can get very hot in summer and cool in winter .
Often , the person who gives the service will get something in return for the service .
When British people talk about `` the Continent '' -LRB- or `` Continental '' -RRB- they mean the European mainland .
We roast or grill food by holding it over a hot fire .

Very often one volume -LRB- one book -RRB- will translate both ways , so half the book will be translating from English to Dutch and the other half from Dutch to English .
It is an extra layer round the seeds , which may or may not be fleshy .
Ireland is an island in Europe .
Though the monarchy was restored after his death , the Crown gradually became the secondary power , and Parliament the first .
Since then Italy has joined NATO and the European Community -LRB- as a founding member -RRB- , becoming one of the seven biggest industrial economies in the world .
By 1957 , the site had the largest steerable radio telescope in the world .
Scientists have also suggested that the discovery of the flute may help to explain why early humans survived , while Neanderthals became extinct .
Around 5 % of the people speak a Tibeto-Burman language .
A planet is a large object such as Earth or Jupiter that orbits a star .
O Canada !
A dictionary may also give the form of the word in different tenses , plural form etc.
One person might say , `` Marco caused a war between countries '' , but the other person might say , `` Marco tried to avoid the war between countries . ''
The Earth is part of the Solar System and orbits the sun along with thousands of small objects and eight planets .
Most Italians are Christian , and most of these are Roman Catholics .
Statistics is a part of mathematics .
The first element discovered after 1600 was phosphorus , a strange white glowing solid .
However it is not right to say `` science says '' any one thing .
This may sound completely absurd but this is really what happened ; he spent his whole life studying the marks on his telescope thinking they were alien made water streams .
; Motherfucker An insult that can be used for sex inside the family , but mostly used in the sense of Bastard .
Denmark is the smallest of the Scandinavian countries .
The other planets in the Solar System also circle the Sun in slightly elliptical orbits .
Some parts of modern calculus come from Newton , such as its uses in physics .
There are two other hereditary peers in the House of Lords because they also have jobs to do on state occasions .
Mosques also hold a special prayer service , called jumuah .
The `` Invariant Sections '' are certain Secondary Sections whose titles are designated , as being those of Invariant Sections , in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License .
Information which is correct is knowledge .
Australia joined in on the side of Britain against Germany , Austria-Hungary and Turkey .
Many madrileÃ os -LRB- people from Madrid -RRB- enjoy bullfights there .
If machines are used to help the heart and lungs work , then the moment of death is more difficult to know .
The hard center of the comet is the nucleus .
It is tidally locked to Earth , which means it always has the same side facing the Earth .
To stop the Russian advance , Britain tried to conquer Afghanistan .
Members of Parliament -LRB- called MPs -RRB- were elected , but until the early twentieth century , only men who owned property could vote .
Some cultures avoid giving people a name of an animal .
Most tree species grow in tropical parts of the world and many of these areas have not been surveyed yet by botanists -LRB- they study plants -RRB- , making species difference and ranges not well understood .
In this sense , art is created when someone arranges things found in the world into a new or different design or form ; or when someone arranges colors next to each other in a painting to make an image or just to make a pretty or interesting design .
Benjamin Franklin did a well known experiment by flying a kite during a thunderstorm .
This is the total area of the City of New York today .
France 's economy has nearly 2.9 million registered companies .
The hills with many forests and plateaus of the Ardennes are more rough and rocky with caves and small , narrow valleys .
A city usually has a `` city center '' where government and business take place , and places called suburbs where people live around the outside of the center .
A good example of changing fields comes from pulsars , which are things which pulse regularly in radio waves .
Each major city has daily newspapers , and there are two national daily newspapers , The Australian and The Australian Financial Review .
Within months the Taliban abandoned Kabul and a new government came to power , but fighting continued .
The pressure is high enough to make the hydrogen solid , but then it melts because of the heat .
This is called supportive care .
Scientists think that the rest of the water on Mars is permanently frozen in the ground -LRB- permanently frozen ice is called permafrost , so there 's a lot of permafrost in Mars ! -RRB- .
X-rays can not penetrate our atmosphere , so all X-ray Astronomy is done using satellites and as a result , the field is recent , dating from the 1960s .
The cuisine of Denmark is like the other Nordic countries -LRB- Finland , Norway , Iceland , and Sweden -RRB- , as well as that of northern Germany , consists mainly pork meat and fish .
The swan is the national bird of Finland .
It was not until the Renaissance when scientists started to look at comets with less superstition and base their observations on science .
Sound waves have two parts : compression and rarefaction .
Lengths , pronunciations , spelling , etc.
The first settlers go back to the Paleolithic age .
People rediscovered science and artists were allowed to paint subjects other than religious subjects .
The Moon may have been formed after a collision between Earth and a smaller planet -LRB- sometimes called Theia -RRB- .
It has 31 days .
Earth is the only place in the Solar System where liquid water is known to exist at present .
There are many rules as to who can become an oversighter , and how oversighters have to behave .
There are four more known dwarf planets , Ceres , Makemake , Eris and Haumea .
This absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane gives Neptune its blue hue .
While every society is different , the way it breaks down and fails is very often the same : fraud , theft , violence , war and sometimes even genocide if people stop identifying with the society and thus identify with what they think of as a `` race '' of people .
He wanted to make a machine that could do all the boring parts of math , -LRB- like the automated calculators -RRB- and could be told to do them different ways -LRB- like the programmable machines . -RRB-
Australian movies have a very long history .
The Qu ` ran also talks about them .
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately .
One can go inside the Royal Palace , see the many beautiful paintings and expensive furniture and jewelry , and learn about the past kings and queens of Spain .
Sometimes , several such people -LRB- not necessarily of the local community -RRB- take turns to do this .
There is some ice at the north and south poles of Mars , and also frozen carbon dioxide .
Irrational numbers are numbers which can not be written as a fraction , but do not have imaginary parts .
All three parts of the country have different languages and culture .
French became the common language of diplomacy in international affairs .
-LRB- Thus , if the Document is in part a textbook of mathematics , a Secondary Section may not explain any mathematics . -RRB-
Matter can not be created nor can it be destroyed , only changed .
If the city got too big , it was hard for a cart carrying food to get to the market place .
Not only that , but about 95 of every 100 measurements will be off the average by less that two times the standard deviation , and about 997 in 1000 will be closer to the average than three standard deviations .
Examples of cooking utensils are pressure cooker , pot , and pan .
He said that Mubarak agreed to leave office .
Much of astronomy is done through observation of the heavens using instruments .
Some of these rules are the same all over the world , such as no shoes should be worn in the prayer hall .
Animals that eat both plants and meat are called omnivores .
This includes stars , planets and galaxies as well as other things .
A city is a place where many people live together .
Some say that this must be true for all possible forms of life throughout the Universe ; others describe this position as `` carbon chauvinism '' .
p49 ; 77
Typical ingredients like roux and fish stock , and techniques such as marinading , and dishes such as ragout , were invented .
In some countries , a person or company can get a trademark simply by using the name , word , phrase , symbol , logo , design , or picture on its products .
For example , Averroes and Spinoza have active principles governing the Universe which act on passive elements .
Veneto was made part of Italy in 1866 after a war with Austria , and Italian soldiers won Latium in 1870 .
Botany is the study of plants .
It is not possible to provide a statement that all readers may agree with , therefore , a definition will not be provided .
People who do science are called scientists .
Languages that use phonetic spelling are easier to learn to spell than others .
The fruit matures in autumn .
For example using a metaphor of ` light ' for ` understanding ' may be complexified by saying ` throwing light ' rather than ` shining light ' .
Maui was named for the demi-god Maui .
Beginning in the late twentieth century and continuing into the early twenty-first century , a small number of mosques have also become a base for extremist imams to support terrorism and extreme Islamic ideals .
The origin of the name ` MontrÃ al ' is derived from Mons realis , which means ` Mount Royal ' in latin .
When some criminals make money from crime , they try to stop the police finding out where the money came from by money laundering .
It is a member state of the European Union .
This is fixed by organized efforts and choices of society , public and private clubs , communities and individuals .
It can be confusing .
Medicine is socialized and so is education , making Argentina 's literacy rate about 98 % .
Often refers to something or someone whose presence can cause trouble , or something poorly planned or made .
People who use profanity do not always mean to make anybody feel bad , and tolerance for different forms of profanity can vary widely , from person to person .
Most historians agree that the `` castle clock '' , an astronomical clock invented by Al-Jazari in 1206 , is the first known programmable analog computer .
The data that we collect in statistics are called measurements .
Examples include the Jewish Halakha , Islamic Sharia , and Christian Canon law .
There are three regions in Belgium : Flanders -LRB- where the Flemish speak Dutch -RRB- in the northern half of Belgium , Wallonia -LRB- where most Walloons speak French -RRB- in the southern half and the Brussels-Capital Region in the middle -LRB- where Dutch and French are spoken -RRB- .
From this we get the modern idea of capital in economics .
When it makes sense to someone , this knowledge becomes understanding .
6 .
Electrons are elementary or fundamental particles ; they can not be split into smaller parts .
People who learn a second language tend to think that their first -LRB- native -RRB- language is the easiest .
Lough Neagh , in Northern Ireland , is the largest lake in Ireland .
Domestic tournaments are the Ranji Trophy , the Duleep Trophy , the Deodhar Trophy , the Irani Trophy and the Challenger Series .
In the winter temperatures drop below 0 Â â F -LRB- -18 Â â C -RRB- in the windswept mountain regions .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
The formula of Newton 's Second Law of Motion is , where is the acceleration , is the force , and the mass. .
Apples are cooked until they are soft to make apple sauce .
Italy is home to more World Heritage Sites than any other nation in the world .
Some even say that Eurasia and Africa are one continent called Eurafrasia .
Then there is biochemistry .
Kansai International Airport serves as the main airport for Osaka , Kobe , and Kyoto .
The researchers involved in the discovery officially published their findings in the journal Nature , in June 2009 .
It is the biggest city in Nevada .
A proof produced in 1976 by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken , which involved checking the properties of 1,936 configurations by computer , was not fully accepted at the time due to its complexity .
Free oxygen -LRB- O2 -RRB- is produced as a by-product of photosynthesis .
: Jenny is like her mother = Jenny has brown hair , and her mother also has brown hair -LRB- for example -RRB- .
The data in some subfields of physics is amenable to experiment .
There is a beautiful bridge across the Guadalquivir River called Puente del Alamillo .
The place where plates meet are called plate boundaries .
The sticky stigma on another flower catches the pollen when the bee lands or flies nearby it .
Most adjectives become nouns by adding the suffix ness .
It does not say that other physics theories are not true , or wrong .
Native speakers of Hindi represent about 41 % of the Indian population -LRB- 2001 Indian census -RRB- .
Not even a light switch can be used , according to Orthodox Judaism , but not all Jewish groups do this .
A single tree has many roots .
Also , the chance it will land on 2 is 1\/6 .
Many religions forbid communicating with such spirits in any way , but a few include this as part of their practice .
Fish with compressed shapes have flat , vertical bodies , with one eye on each side .
It launched a probe into the planet to get information about Jupiter 's atmosphere .
His ship , HMS Endeavour , carried the famous scientists , Sir Joseph Banks and Dr Solander who were going to Tahiti where they would watch the planet Venus pass in front of the Sun .
Microsoft makes other programs on the Internet .
He worked out how to run large restaurants , as in a big hotel or a palace ; how the staff should be organised ; how the menu was prepared .
Dutch and English people had been living together in New York for a long time .
Î Î Ï -LRB- pronounced \/ HEEW-dor \/ -RRB- .
The island of Ireland , also called Ã ire when speaking in the Irish language , is about 302 m long and about 179 m wide .
Cuba became American for four years afterwards , before it became an independent republic in 1902 .
Other kinds of plays called Neoclassical Dramas and Neoclassical Comedies were also popular in Italy and in France at this time .
The ` image dances ' , according to Sachs , are to do with the world outside the dancer .
Bernard Crick wrote a list of the political virtues , which were about best practices of politics itself .
So the Japanese did not let the Europeans come into Japan anymore , except in a small area in Nagasaki city .
The gravitational effects of Galatea , a moon just inward from the ring , are now thought to have created the arcs .
In 1736 , he published a scientific article where he showed that this was not possible .
Being able to move from one place to another is a distinctive trait -LRB- characteristic -RRB- of an animal .
In case of a disagreement between the translation and the original version of this License or a notice or disclaimer , the original version will prevail .
China has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization .
Then , the number 1 divides any number but it is not divided by any .
Nobody had chosen them carefully .
Analytical chemistry looks at things to see what chemicals they have in them .
Recent observations support the idea that this expansion is happening because of dark energy .
It can be called an oath , although this word also has a normal meaning of a `` solemn promise '' .
Greater London has 33 London Boroughs and a mayor .
The method requires normal pollination and fertilisation .
Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of Invariant Sections in the license notice of the combined work .
Some of Voyager 2 `` s important discoveries was its very close fly-by of Triton where took pictures of several parts of the moon .
Protons and neutrons are made up of even smaller particles called quarks .
When we multiply two numbers in algebra , the only way is usually 3 Â 4 .
The corners -LRB- vertices -RRB- are at right angles .
Quebec was part of New France until 1760 .
These are called double negatives , and are found almost entirely in spoken language , not written language .
The TaÃ nos were the largest and most common of the three tribes .
In species growing in areas with seasonal climate changes , wood growth produced at different times of the year may be visible as alternating light and dark , or soft and hard , rings of wood .
MediaWiki is a very powerful , scalable software and a feature-rich wiki implementation , that uses PHP to process and display data stored in its MySQL database .
However , they are taller , because the seats are more upright and because they have a taller suspension so that they can go off road .
Since most bonds require energy to form , they also give off energy when they are broken .
In 1914 , British India and Tibet agreed on the McMahon Line , as part of the Simla Accord .
Thousands of people were trapped as heavy snow fell in Tibet 's Lhunze County , but rescue services managed to minimize the casualties and housing losses .
The figure depends on the number of very low-mass , or dwarf stars , which are hard to detect , especially more than 300 light years from our sun .
A Calculator can be used to do arithmetic .
String theory does not make guesses that can actually be tested by scientists today or in the near future .
The People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- -LRB- Chinese language : Simplified Chinese : ä å ä æ ` å
As settlements -LRB- places where people lived in groups -RRB- change and grow , old buildings are often buried to make space for new buildings .
To do this , add their titles to the list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version 's license notice .
In many of these physics problems time is a variable .
Most , if not all Italian salamis have garlic in them , but few German kinds do .
Some well-known cities in France include Nice , Nancy , Marseille , Bordeaux , Lille , Lyon , Toulouse , Strasbourg , Rennes , Nantes and Paris .
They were not the first people to use mathematics to describe the physical worldâ '' Aristotle and Pythagoras came earlier , as did Galileo , who said that mathematics was the language of science .
A fish takes in the oxygen from the water using gills .
Other people dance to feel better .
During his rule he created a unified country out of lands that had been controlled by local rulers .
This disease may have been the Black Death , a disease which killed tens of millions of people in Europe , in the Middle Ages .
Their work can be used to test the fairness of a situation , such as how people should treat each other .
Even what rules we do have are frequently broken .
Computer science began during World War II and separated from the other sciences during the 1960 's and 1970 's .
To get a higher degree , people must do some research .
Both of these languages are more than 3000 years old .
Almost all of Italy 's fighting was on the Eastern border , near Austria .
Composers writing in the 1990s and the 2000s , such as John Adams -LRB- born 1947 -RRB- and James MacMillan -LRB- born 1959 -RRB- often use a mixture of all these ideas , but they like to write tonal music with easy tunes as well .
Most legislatures have two chambers or houses , a ` lower house ' and an ` upper house ' .
The position of the digits shows how big the number is .
They are in the same subfamily as pears .
The right is a sensitive one , and removes private data that can cause legal problems .
Computers can do anything that someone can tell them to do .
Almost all baldness is male , for example .
About 71 % of Earth 's surface is covered in salt water oceans .
Later mosques were buildings that were specially designed .
A few scholars of Islamic law believe that non-Muslims may be allowed into mosques , as long as they do not sleep or eat there .
Chinese Writing does not use letters .
His plays are still popular today for many reasons .
The country 's oldest religious minority is the Jewish community .
There is also synthetic oil .
One study says that there are 27 million people -LRB- but others say there could be as many as 200 million -RRB- in slavery today .
Mosques were first built on the Arabian Peninsula .
When people changed from trading in things like cows and wheat to using money instead , they needed things that would last a long time , still be valuable , and could be carried around .
Arnauld Amaury made famous the quote `` Kill them all , god knows his own `` during the assault on being asked how to tell who were Cathars .
In keeping with this rejection of the Jews , this Roman council also criminalized the Jewish Sabbath as can be seen in Canon 29 of the Council Laodicea : `` Christians must not Judaize by resting on the Sabbath , but must work on that day , rather honoring the Lord 's Day ; and , if they can , resting then as Christians .
Marsupials are mammals with pouches to carry young in , like the kangaroo .
Books about other things are often given a special number , that refers to what they are about .
Castles were also built at this time .
But , the common animals you know are only about 3 % of the animal kingdom .
This view is called anarchism .
The smallest subdivision is the commune .
There is a total of 1790 extensions as of March 2 , 2011 .
Men often lose some of their hair as they grow older .
This section attempts to provide an overview of the important fields of astronomy and the period they were important , plus the terms used -LRB- and what they meant by them -RRB- .
Determining the correlation between distance and redshift is an important problem in experimental physical cosmology .
There are three main types of radioactive decay ; alpha , beta and gamma .
The main sporting leagues for males are AFL , NRL , A-League and NBL .
Pope Innocent III 's control by 1198 was not yet firm .
The discovery is also the oldest confirmed find of any musical instrument in history .
Islands are smaller than continents .
Some have orbited -LRB- gone around -RRB- the planet , and some have landed on it .
The `` Cover Texts '' are certain short passages of text that are listed , as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts , in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License .
Mac OS was first made by Apple Inc. in 1984 .
Physical is about the body .
Many groups of people agree on lists of principles .
Most of Argentina 's people -LRB- 80 percent -RRB- are Roman Catholic , but it is not the state religion .
The farthest ring , Adams , has three famous arcs now named LibertÃ , EgalitÃ , and FraternitÃ -LRB- Liberty , Equality , and Fraternity -RRB- .
The word ` noun ' comes from the Latin nomen meaning `` name . ''
At the end of the 19th century the Baron Pierre de Coubertin suggested to have Olympic Games again .
The Earth is , on average , 150 million kilometers away from the Sun , and moving at a speed of 30 kilometers a second or 108,000 miles an hour .
France is a member of the G8 group of leading industrialised countries .
This happened , but other Central and Southern Italian states also joined Piedmont to create a bigger state .
Each religion also has a `` moral code '' which is a set of beliefs about how humans should act .
Some types of political parties focus on the idea of natural law , which is that nature shows humans how to do things , and that humans must study nature to sort out all problems .
Because of this , Las Vegas is called `` The Entertainment Capital of the World '' .
In the beginning of the 1900s , millions of people peacefully started to protest .
The total land area is 608 square miles -LRB- 1,556 square kilometres -RRB- .
Such celebrations often have music in them .
Captain William Bligh planted potatoes on Bruny Island , Tasmania in 1792 .
This is called share-alike and means that anything based on work will always be open content .
The oldest trees are determined by growth rings , which can be seen if the tree is cut down or in cores taken from the edge to the center of the tree .
This protects them from the solar wind .
Sausage is a food made of ground-up or chopped-up meat .
It is easiest to describe in general terms , with two complex numbers a + bi and c + di .
We use metaphors to make indirect comparisons , but without using ` like ' or ` as ' -- because that would be a simile .
In all of these , angels appear like humans .
Scientists are people who make observations , ask questions and do extensive research work in finding the answers to these questions .
Finns could create their own laws and had their own currency , -LRB- called the markka -RRB- , their own stamps and own customs .
Loudness depends on sound intensity , sound frequency , and the person 's hearing .
The President is Cristina FernÃ ndez de Kirchner since December 2007 .
One way to think of negative numbers is using a number line .
The period after World War 2 saw the rise of dedicated observatory , where large and accurate telescopes are built and operated at good observing sites , normally by governments .
Artificial means are often used to restore immune system function in an HIV-challenged body , and prevent the onset of AIDS .
Modern British spelling and use was greatly influenced by the two great English dictionaries , Samuel Johnson 's A dictionary of the English language -LRB- 1755 -RRB- , and James Murray 's Oxford English dictionary .
such as the vegetables squash , pumpkins , cucumbers , tomato , peas , beans , corn , eggplant , and sweet pepper and some spices , such as allspice and chillies .
Physicists do not know what gives an object mass. .
Noah Webster -LRB- 1758 â `` 1843 -RRB- wrote a Grammar , a Spelling book , and finally an American dictionary of the English language .
An estuary is a wide , funnel-like mouth of the river .
The Island of Hawai ` i is the largest of the U.S. Hawaiian Islands , and the southern .
A good way to check for a secure website is to make sure the url starts with https : \/ \/ instead of http : \/ \/ , this means it is a secure site .
Montreal is a very historical and culturally interesting place for visitors .
This section tries to detail how astronomy is done .
The weather in Finland varies a lot by the season .
A long time ago , people thought that the universe was the Milky Way .
Noise phenomena tend to relate to things that happened a long time ago .
Today , slaves may work because of things like a high debt -LRB- for example , slaves have to work to pay off a debt -RRB- .
4 % are Muslim , 3 % say they are Protestant and 1 % say they are Jewish .
They try to find answers to those questions .
People whom the Taliban believed violated these laws were given harsh public punishments .
Regular winds in the equatorial region have speeds of around 1,200 km\/h -LRB- 750 mph -RRB- , while winds in storm system can reach up to 2,100 km\/h , near-supersonic speeds .
William Butler Yeats describes a `` holy tree '' in his poem The Two Trees -LRB- 1893 -RRB- .
I would move forth to define a Path , a Walk , A weighted graph , a directional graph .
For young or small trees with minimal crowns -LRB- and trunks less than 4 inches in diameter -RRB- a TPZ equal to 1 foot for every inch of trunk diameter may be good enough .
It is a part of the European Union .
This released a lot of oxygen into the atmosphere or air , making the Earth 's surface suitable for life .
Of those freed , 69 were children .
Larger mosques offer more services to their community .
Speed is a scalar .
Business companies produce and sell goods and buy factors of production from households and from other companies .
All life is directly or indirectly powered by solar energy .
Those parts of the electromagnetic spectrum that the atmosphere did not block were now opened up to astronomy , allowing more discoveries to be made .
Glass is often used to make windows and bottles .
Neptune 's atmosphere -LRB- a layer of gas floating above planets -RRB- is mostly made up of hydrogen and helium .
Some flowers use the wind to carry pollen .
Normally , all humans are born with this capability .
The government has a considerable influence over railway , electricity , aircraft , and telecommunications firms -LRB- as it owns big companies like SNCF , EDF -LRB- French electricity -RRB- -RRB- .
Oil usually does not mix with water .
The two kinds of elements behave according to physical laws , in which we describe how the elements interact .
p224 For American lexicographers , the dictionary was impossible to ignore : `` America 's two great nineteenth-century lexicographers , Noah Webster and Joseph Emerson Worcester , argued fiercely over Johnson 's legacy ... In 1789 -LRB- Webster -RRB- declared that ` Great Britain , whose children we are , and whose language we speak , should no longer be our standard ; for the taste of her writers is already corrupted , and her language on the decline . '
Philosophers from the 1600s , 1700s , and 1800s included Thomas Hobbes , RenÃ Descartes , John Locke , David Hume , and Immanuel Kant .
This means that you add up all the values , and then divide by the number of values .
These people may come because they want to do business , or to live in a democracy , to join their family , or because they are refugees -LRB- people trying to get away from war and bad governments around the world -RRB- .
In 2005 Nokia started to call some of its mobile phones -LRB- the N-series -RRB- `` multimedia computers '' and after the launch of the Apple iPhone in 2007 , many are now starting to add the smartphone category among `` real '' computers .
The word music comes from the Greek word Greek language Î 1\/4 Î Ï
When this happens , the stars generally move past each other , but gas clouds and dust interact , and can form a burst of new stars .
Yet another problem is that it says our universe is made of at least 10 dimensions , while we only see four -LRB- width , height , depth , time -RRB- .
Most mosques with this style are in Iran .
Acids release H + ions when in water , and bases release OHâ ' ions when in water .
Uranus and Neptune are not exactly the same type of gas giants like to Jupiter and Saturn , but are rather ice giants , meaning they have a larger solid core and are also made of ices .
Before the five required daily prayers , a muezzin calls the worshippers to prayer from the minaret .
They are often filled with sad emotions , such as worry , fear , and thoughts about death .
Chapter 5
Mass , length , time , and electric charge are never defined but the standard units used to measure them are always defined .
It is things that have value , but do not do anything by themselves .
Even though that is true , no precise differentiation between shrubs and trees is possible .
The different colors of cheese are made by adding annatto .
Galileo Galilei studied light and how planets move .
For example , suppose we want to find out how popular a certain TV show is .
These animals can be alive today .
In the 1960s , France wanted to exclude the United Kingdom from the organization .
Some thought that they were fireballs sent from demons or gods to destroy the earth .
Other words that are used for `` religion '' are `` faith '' and `` belief system '' .
This is why bigger atoms , with more electrons , react more easily with other atoms .
Some were killed , and many died from illness and hunger .
Until 1901 , Australia was not a nation , it was six separate colonies governed by Britain .
The cell is the smallest living thing that can do all the things needed for life .
By the 1980s , computers became small and cheap enough to replace mechanical controls in things like washing machines .
The name of this sorting algorithm is Bogosort .
The history of Europe is long and has many turns .
Only 13 of these were first seen from Earth because the rest are too small .
For another example , if we want to know whether a certain drug can help lower blood pressure , we could give the drug to people for some time and measure their blood pressure before and after .
Ethics , for example , asks what we should do in our everyday lives , and metaphysics asks about how the world works and of what it is made .
It is the physical structure of a person .
Finland is one of the Nordic countries .
Shark skin is available for purchase as shagreen , a leather which as original is smooth in one direction , and rough in the other direction .
These are necessary , as Islamic prayer is usually done kneeling .
Brazil is the largest country and in South America and the largest economy in Latin America .
Rome ruled in Britain 44AD to 410AD , but they ruled only England and Wales .
This is the kind of thinking behind an image dance .
During the Second World War , Turing was a main participant in the efforts to break German ciphers .
Earth 's crust , on average 40 km -LRB- 25 mi -RRB- , is three times smaller than Marsâ crust based on the sizes of the two planets if they are made equal .
He asked Edmond Halley to publish this in his book Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica .
France is closely associated with the Modern Olympic Games .
Outside the Western world , in June 2001 , the Hassan Bek Mosque was the target of attacks .
There are two kinds of such approximations , Monte-Carlo algorithms and Las-Vegas algorithms .
When a normal picture is taken with a camera , the film or CCD plate is exposed to the light for a short amount of time , which is normally useful because a short time means that whatever we are taking a picture of will not have moved much .
As speculation and analysis about nature became more developed , these subjects branched away .
The parts of a tree are the roots , trunk -LRB- s -RRB- , branches , twigs and leaves .
She is the leader of a political party called the Australian Labor Party .
In 1945 , after the United States dropped two atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , Japan surrendered unconditionally to the Allied Powers .
Different variations on all of British English exist from the manner in which words are pronounced to the manner in which they are spelt .
Most things are good to eat raw , but some , such as eggplants , can be poisonous .
Montreal features many beautiful churches -LRB- Montreal is referred to locally as ` the city of a hundred churches ' -RRB- , including the largest church in Canada , and also many important art , history , and science museums .
Some people started the farm to farm some food 5200 years ago .
The piece that the sail is attached to is called a mast .
Many religions have organizations that manage the way that people who follow the religion are to act .
On his site , Ray says that anyone who does not believe in Time Cube is `` stupid and evil '' .
If a person does not have a license , they may have to pay a fine if they are caught by the police .
The magnifying glass consists of a piece of convex-shaped glass or plastic .
In American English , the word ` theater ' can mean either a place where films are shown -LRB- this is also called a cinema -RRB- or a place where live stage plays are performed .
Irrational numbers often occur in geometry .
Many dynasties ruled India around the year 1000 .
In a dictatorship , there is generally only one party allowed , that can approve a new leader without non-members having a choice .
Slang is usually special words that are known only by a particular group .
The main states in Europe were :
Complex numbers are numbers which have two parts ; a real part and an imaginary part .
Finland remained independent .
Because the government has a majority in Parliament , it can normally control what laws are passed .
This view , however , implies that the human body is a possession , and seems to devalue bodies that do not have souls as defined or understood by the speaker -LRB- some people say that animals , heretics , and people of another religion do not have souls -RRB- .
The term `` pop music '' can be used for all kinds of music that was written to be popular .
This would happen by a different sort of crusade , one that turned neighbor against neighbor and brother against brother .
Body builders will eat foods with a lot of protein because exercise breaks down the muscles , allowing new protein to be used to rebuild them larger and stronger .
But most of the people in Taiwan want to keep everything like it is now , at least until China becomes free .
If someone has know-how it means that they can put knowledge to work in doing or building something .
The Soviet Union bought most of Cubaâ s sugar for expensive prices .
Some religions have celebrations for different seasons of the year , or when the sun or moon is in a certain part of the sky .
Japan 's neighbors also showed them the ways of Buddhism .
They can not tell us if a theory is true .
Newton wanted to make new math to predict where to see planets in the sky , because astronomy has always been a popular and useful form of science , and knowing more about the motions of the objects in the night sky was important for navigation of ships .
There is a long-short feel instead of a same-same feel .
So far , all astronomy that has been done has used the electromagnetic spectrum .
The ethnic groups of Cuba is 48 % White , 30 % Black , 22 % mixed race , 1 % Amerindian and 1 % other .
The Australian Aboriginal people arrived in Australia more than 50,000 years ago .
The northern part of India has many mountains .
This music was written for monks to sing in church .
Deltas are often made into wildlife reserves .
A Wish Tree -LRB- or wishing tree -RRB- is a single tree , usually distinguished by species , position or appearance , which is used as an object of wishes and offerings .
But it still has problems .
There are a few main parts of the Solar System .
Although it is most commonly used in biology , it can be used in other types of classification too .
Some foods are good to eat raw .
The average distance between Jupiter and the Sun is 778 million kilometres .
This page is about constitutions in general .
This problem was first posed by Francis Guthrie in 1852 and its first written record is in a letter of De Morgan addressed to Hamilton the same year .
In most European countries , some first names are taken from the Bible .
New York quickly grew to become a large and important port city .
Sometimes almost all of the people in one country are of the same ethnic group , but not always .
Objects that orbit planets are called moons .
Mongols came in the 13th century and destroyed much of the Persian region .
It has an outer , solid rock layer called the crust .
Physiology is the study of how living things work .
Theoretical physics often can involve creating quantitative predictions of physical theories , and comparing these predictions quantitatively with data .
Queensland became a separate colony in 1859 .
Often apples are eaten uncooked .
In arithmetic , addition is finding the total of two or more numbers .
In the combination , you must combine any sections Entitled `` History '' in the various original documents , forming one section Entitled `` History '' ; likewise combine any sections Entitled `` Acknowledgements '' , and any sections Entitled `` Dedications '' .
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and the people after him who followed the documentary hypothesis , note that Exodus 34:28 seems to refer to these Ten Commandments rather than the traditional ones .
English in the main spoken language , and Christianity is the main religion though all religions are accepted and not everybody has a religion .
So the government said it would take in people in Europe who had lost their homes in the war .
Mathematics is a way to use numbers to learn about the world and make things .
For example , Karl Marx lived in a time where workers ' conditions were very poor , and John Maynard Keynes lived through the Great Depression of the 1930s .
Arabic astronomers made many advancements during the Middle Ages including improved star maps and ways to estimate the size of the Earth .
It does this through radiation .
One explanation of life is called the cell theory .
Japan has 4 problems about territory .
The people in Austria speak German , a few also Hungarian , Slovenian and Croatian .
See foot -LRB- unit of length -RRB- .
â `` Karl Popper
The Oort cloud is separate from the Trans-Neptune region , and much farther out .
Hokkaido is the island north of Honshu .
Ecology is the study of ecosystems .
In 2006 the Cassini spacecraft , on its way to Saturn , took some very good , very clear pictures of the planet .
The kilometre is the common unit of longer distances on Earth .
In 1898 , the cities of New York and Brooklyn merged with the Bronx , Staten Island , and the towns in Queens County to form Greater New York .
In the east , winters are cold and the weather is good .
In prehistoric times people lived in the area which is now Madrid .
The `` Document '' , below , refers to any such manual or work .
When leaders enforce the legal code honestly , even on themselves and their friends , this is an example of the rule of law being followed .
All mammals feed their young on milk , which is made by glands in the skin or the mammary glands .
London also has a `` partnership '' agreement with Tokyo , Japan .
Those who like to watch people playing sports are called fans .
They are usually made out of rope .
It is the second most common element in the universe , after hydrogen , and has no color or smell .
Some areas of mathematics study the way things change .
Turkish Ghaznavids took over in the 10th century and made Ghazni and Bust -LRB- Lashkar GÄ h -RRB- their capitals .
They are very hard to detect , unlike people who cheat or commit fraud .
Elements can also be classified into metals and non-metals .
An example of this kind of thinking is the categorical imperative .
The piano was invented during this time .
The diameter -LRB- meaning `` all the way across '' -RRB- of a circle is a straight line that goes from one side to the opposite and right through the center of the circle .
For instance , the average height of all adults in the U.S. has a bi-modal distribution .
France has about 359,000 military personnel .
May also mean trouble , or annoyance by others -LRB- `` I 'm tired of this shit '' -RRB- .
These rituals are often based on old traditions , and may have been done in almost the same way for hundreds , or even thousands of years .
For example , a religion might consider eating a particular food to be a crime .
Along with Aesthetics ethics forms part of axiology the philosophy of what people like .
Most objects are made by chemists -LRB- people who do chemistry -RRB- .
One or more iwans face a central courtyard that serves as the prayer hall .
This causes it to have no seasons , for example Summer or Winter .
Ireland has many lakes -LRB- or Loughs -RRB- .
Money is easier to divide than many trade goods .
However , the dark spot was not seen in 1994 , and new spots were found since then .
Astronomy is a very large subject with many different things to study , and many astronomers specialise in particular areas of astronomy , called fields .
Simple English writers are very mixed , more so than at English Wikipedia , or at other Wikipedias .
Australia passed many laws to help the workers
Cuba became very poor in the 1990s .
If you do not recycle , it becomes waste .
Neptune is very cold , with temperatures as low as â ' 224 Â C -LRB- â ' 372 Â F or 49 K -RRB- recorded at the cloud tops in 1989 .
A pace is the distance each foot moves when taking one step .
Some areas need special machines , called computers .
People often try to make their religious building as beautiful as possible .
A telescope or strong binoculars will show Neptune as a small blue dot , similar in appearance to Uranus .
Fuck is also used to describe someone under the influence of drugs and or alcohol -LRB- `` they 're Fucked up '' -RRB- .
Other rules are different from mosque to mosque .
Every language in the world has nouns , but they are not always used in the same ways .
The rest is known as `` Greater London '' .
The last surviving veteran was Pierre Picault who died on 20 November 2008 at the age of 109 .
There are only two mammals that lay eggs , called Monotremes , the Duck-billed Platypus Ornithorhynchus , and the Spiny Anteater Echidna , with four species .
This might under-estimate its effects .
For example , the number 23 in the decimal number system really means 2 times 10 plus 3 , and 101 means 1 times a hundred -LRB- = 100 -RRB- plus 0 times 10 -LRB- = 0 -RRB- plus 1 times 1 -LRB- = 1 -RRB- .
This sort of classification is not traditional , but it does reflect our knowledge of palaeontology and evolution .
The emperor had to decide what were the most important issues facing the Empire , and what should be done about them .
This is called oral history .
This was originally suggested by a Monty Python skit -LRB- funny scene -RRB- .
As a result , both men and women must follow this rule when they attend a mosque -LRB- though mosques may not always enforce the rules -RRB- .
All the water on Earth , on land or in the atmosphere , is part of the hydrosphere .
2 .
Because people could get very angry at the Wikipedia if we copy the wrong things , it is better not to copy anything onto the Wikipedia unless we are sure it is allowed .
In the ancient and the Middle Ages , China gave Japan lots of new cultural ideas , but their friendship became weaker later .
In 1166 the Council of Oxford in England wiped out the English Cathars .
The organization might employ religious leaders , educate people into the ideas of the religion , manage money , own buildings and make rules .
For example if you roll six dice , the chance of you getting a number more than ten is not obvious , but can be figured out using math and science .
Such new structures are not compounds .
It is the seventh largest country in the world .
While the Bible itself gives the count as `` 10 '' , using the Hebrew phrase Ê '' aseret had ` varimâ '' translated as the 10 words , statements or things , this phrase does not appear in the passages usually presented as being `` the Ten Commandments '' .
When people get Ebola the first symptoms look like some other diseases .
-LRB- Behaviors are the way an organism acts . -RRB-
The spheres circled about a spherical but unmoving Earth .
The entire collection of these separate space-times is denoted as the multiverse .
The most common apple type grown in England is the ` Bramley seedling ' , which is a popular cooking apple .
The brown and orange colors are caused when sunlight passes through or refracts with the many gases in the atmosphere .
They found that it was in the Sun before it was found on Earth .
These small pieces are stuck together with peptide bonds .
These , and to flame , to ping and many acronyms are part of net jargon .
The winters are cold because it is so high up , and sometimes there is snow .
Wood is the most important natural resource of Finland .
Muslims worship , study and discuss Islam , and do many other things in a mosque and its compounds .
The stories he tells in his plays are often exciting , very funny -LRB- in the comedies -RRB- , or very sad -LRB- in the tragedies -RRB- and make you want to know what happens to his characters .
Anatomy is the study of the bodies of living beings -LRB- people , animals , plants -RRB- .
There were also Morality plays which taught the audiences how to live a good Christian life .
The name Londinium -LRB- and then ` London ' -RRB- came from the Celtic language of the Ancient Britons .
For detailed writing about science , politics , or religion , articles sometimes need more words , but the English must be simple .
Idioms are common phrases or terms whose meanings are not literal , but are figurative and only known through their common uses .
To a mathematician , the reason something is true is just as important as the fact that it is true .
American President Kennedy demanded that they be removed or a new war would begin .
They also can have different properties in different languages .
All other mammals are Eutherian .
But the king and his family do not live there anymore ; they live in a smaller palace , and only use the Royal Palace for important events , like meeting other kings and presidents .
Herm is only 1 Â 1\/2 miles long .
Two times there have been proposals to close Simple English Wikipedia .
They are used for growth and repair , as well as for strengthening the bones .
It is called collectivitÃ territoriale .
Over 10 cities have over a million people in them .
France also hosted the Winter Games three times .
The trunk is the main body of the tree .
Italy is a peninsula , meaning it is surrounded by the sea on all sides apart from one -LRB- its north side -RRB- .
For example , an object 's speed can be measured in
In Sweden in 1732 the month had 30 days .
Before foods are cooked , we say they are raw .
If they do not eat enough vitamin B1 -LRB- thiamine -RRB- , they get the disease called beriberi .
In many languages , for example , the word â putâ will be different according to whether something is being put onto something -LRB- e.g. a table -RRB- or into something -LRB- e.g. a cupboard -RRB- .
Because it imports all fossil fuel , it would help Iceland to completely stop using it .
You may not use technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further copying of the copies you make or distribute .
Afghanistan generally has a dry climate with very cold winters and hot summers .
8 .
The larger volcano , Haleakala , rises above 10,000 feet -LRB- 3,050 m -RRB- .
Millions of natives died mining gold for the Spanish .
They are being used recently to develop Malus domestica to grow in colder climates .
At the time of the discovery , one was found to be still playable .
Still many countries ' governments are not a democracy but other forms in which only a few people have power .
When people who had been slaves and American Civil War survivors got old , some historians recorded everything that they said , so that history would not be lost .
The exact way depends on denomination .
Blossoms come out in spring at the same time that the leaves begin to bud .
The Universe is huge and possibly infinite in volume .
It can last for up to two hours .
In 1603 , when Queen Elizabeth I of England died , her closest relative was King James VI of Scotland .
Most libraries are public and let people take the books to use in their home .
Martin Luther King Jr. wrote in a letter he sent from the Birmingham jail that , `` True peace is not merely the absence of tension : it is the presence of justice . ''
A chemical compound is a substance made up of two or more elements .
Jewish and newer Protestant versions tend to use `` You shall not murder '' .
To show this , try doing five hundred eighty-four times three thousand two hundred twenty in your head .
Giving honor to God , the gods or the spirits is an important part of most religions .
The regions of Brittany in France and Cornwall in England are known for their apple ciders .
Some pets such as dogs and cats are placed in an animal shelter if there is no one willing to take care of it .
In this case , the median is close to the value obtained when the extreme value is thrown out .
The huge advantage of hydrogen is that when burnt in an engine or in a fuel cell , there is no pollution - just a small amount of water .
People who work for the police are called police officers and work out of a police station .
The Romans called Colchester Camulodunum -LRB- written `` CAMVLODVNVM '' -RRB- .
He lived from 1564 to 1616 .
About half the fresh water is currently ice .
If there is one fact which underlies all Earth science it is this : the Earth is an ancient planet which has been changing the whole time since its formation .
Modernism can also refer to a specific group of architects and buildings from the early to late 20th century , and so may not be the proper term to use for many building built since then .
Modern composers searched for new ideas , such as using new instruments , different forms , different sounds , or different harmonies .
In most countries of the world people are free to belong to whatever religion they choose .
London was founded by the Romans in 43 AD and called Londinium which was later shortened to London .
When he decides , he has created an algorithm .
The number 1 divides any number to give that same number but it can not be divided by any other number to give one as the answer .
The Document may contain zero Invariant Sections .
Baseball , basketball , and track and field events are loved by many Cuban people .
The ROC government occupied mainland China from 1911 to 1949 , before losing control of mainland China to the communist PRC .
Graphs are normally represented by two different sets , typically set a graph G would be represented as the collection of the sets V and E. The set V is a discrete set containing all vertices of the graph .
Because of these issues , a view is evolving of a single system that responds cognitively to perception , physiologically with pain via nerves , and immunologically with the cells and chemical elements of the immune system that float in the blood , lymphatic system and tissues .
We therefore call this point minus 1 -LRB- -1 -RRB- -LRB- as it is one centimeter away , but in the opposite direction -RRB- .
A time horizon is a future point in time when something must be `` done '' -LRB- a `` deadline '' -RRB- or will be `` over '' -LRB- a `` time limit '' -RRB- .
Speed is a measure of how fast something is moving .
Other popular instruments included the violin , the violoncello , the flute , the clarinet , and the oboe .
Milky Way is the second biggest galaxy in the group behind the Andromeda Galaxy .
There was not much peace in Spain during the first part of the 20th century .
When doing science , it may be necessary to set up a strict experiment .
Salami is a sausage that first came from Italy .
The plane of the ecliptic is defined by the Earth 's orbit around the Sun .
For example , geometry can help people find :
Knowledge means the things which are true , as opposed to opinion .
It is a neutral state , that means it does not take part in wars with other countries .
Family and other social network connections play a very major role in healing in this view , and are more important than drugs .
This means that biologists must be able to show evidence for their ideas , and that other biologists must be able to test the ideas for themselves .
Some believe that spirits can talk with people , or change things in the world .
During the dictatorship of Francisco Franco , especially during the 1960s , the south of Madrid became very industrialized , and many people from the rural areas moved to Madrid especially to the south east of the city .
In Leibniz notation :
The country was renamed The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .
Domes normally have the shape of a hemisphere .
NASA 's Voyager 2 probe made a quick flyby of the planet with its closest encounter on August 25 , 1989 , and was the last planet to have been visited by at least one spacecraft .
Other cities in Italy are Milan , Turin , Florence , Naples , and Venice .
The meaning of the saying `` run like the wind '' can be understood by looking the words up in a dictionary and using some common sense and imagination and the context of the phrase .
For a molecule to exist , atoms have to stick together .
The Roman calendar began in March about 735 BC with Romulus .
Sometimes , the joke is just to say that a pair of words are an oxymoron .
They belonged to the land , like a baby belongs to its mother .
This may be as small as a community with some sort of board that looks after the goings on of those who live within it or something a little larger like a village or as big as a continent -LRB- like Australia and India -RRB- .
The IUPAC names were meant to replace the older Roman numeral systems as they used the same names to mean different things , which was confusing .
Rhetoric is the science of how to speak well , and how to convince other people of your ideas .
The Members of Parliament serve in the Commons , as has every Prime Minister since the Marquess of Salisbury resigned in 1902 .
However , there is a continuous story being told starting in Exodus 31:18 -LRB- where the stones are created -RRB- , Exodus 32:19 -LRB- where the tablets are broken -RRB- and Exodus 34 .
Such practices , eating rice dumplings and holding dragon boat races , become what Chinese do in this festival nowadays .
It came from meta -LRB- ` change ' -RRB- and pherein -LRB- ` carry ' -RRB- .
The Sabbath in Christianity comes from the Jewish Shabbat , but most Christians have it on Sunday , not Saturday .
The executive is the governing center of political authority .
Many moons yet have been discovered .
Very often , a creditor threatens a debtor with debt slavery , if the debtor does not know that they have a right to go bankrupt .
Cedar , oak , walnut , alder , and ash trees grow at lower elevations .
Most of the mountains are volcanoes .
All of these power of ten numbers in the decimal number system use just the symbol 1 and the symbol zero .
The `` Theatre of the Absurd '' plays have some of the same ideas that are found in the philosophy -LRB- a way of thinking -RRB- called existentialism .
They were opposed to the doctrine of sin .
People are still being made slaves in some parts of the world .
Infinity goes on forever , so sometimes space , numbers , and other things are said to be ` infinite ' , because they never come to a stop .
In the United States , for example , some people have three : first name , middle name , and last name .
Islam teaches that the Bible is a revelation from God but the text used in Judaism and Christianity has been corrupted .
It does not matter if the computer -LRB- a noun -RRB- is in the room or in a picture .
Sound waves can travel through solids , liquids , and gases , but it can not travel through a vacuum -LRB- a place with nothing in it -RRB- .
Ghosts can also appear and disappear as they wish .
Negentropy is not the only idea about life and how it affects our view of time .
These computers used analog circuits , which made them very hard to program .
Aboriginal music has songs about the Dreamtime , sometimes with special instruments like the didgeridoo .
The roots of plants perform two main functions .
Morissette has written many songs .
It is a very deadly disease .
It should be noted that astronomy in the Modern Era has been divided mainly by electromagnetic spectrum , although there is some evidence this is changing .
-LRB- citation needed -RRB- The upper class also saw the dramatic style of Baroque architecture and art as a means of impressing visitors and expressing triumphant power and control .
Even though Taiwan is not recognized by UN as a sovereign nation , most countries still have very close economic and cultural relationship with the island of Taiwan .
Soon people from Sydney found other parts of Australia .
Those who advocate these measures are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process .
Long ago almost all land was in one place .
One of the earliest Western philosophers to write about God in a monotheistic way was the Greek Aristotle , who describes god as the Supreme Cause .
Today , people who live in Taiwan have different ideas .
When we multiply a number and a letter in algebra , we write the number in front of the letter : 5 Ã -- y = 5y .
Treating useful capital like financial capital is called comodification .
New York City has had large numbers of immigrants for many years .
Sometimes the legislature is made up of two separate houses .
The apple is a pomaceous fruit from the apple tree .
The fighting stopped in 1994 , and Armenia has had control over this land , but Azerbaijan still disputes about the land .
Creativity -LRB- or creativeness -RRB- is the ability of a person to be creative , take part in creating , or be useful in a creative network of other people .
They search for sunken ships or cities that have been lost under the sea .
Religious festivals and gatherings are held in mosques .
Others think they can do so together as a group with others if they live in peace , without government .
It matters only that they can agree and make everyone in their country do as the agreement says .
This means that to learn a song , they listen to other people singing it , or to a recording , until they know how the tune of the song goes .
Graph theory is a field of mathematics about graphs .
Many people believe they have seen ghosts .
Sometimes thieves use pawn shops to sell things easily to someone who will not ask questions .
In the astronomical literature , the word ` Galaxy ' with a capital G is used for our galaxy , the Milky Way .
The mean of the data is $ 90,918 \/ day .
Famous economists in our current society include N. Gregory Mankiw and Paul Krugman .
Such trees are identified as possessing a special religious or spiritual value .
The government made a simpler way of writing , known as Simplified Chinese .
This is called pressure .
Out of every 10 people who get Ebola , on average five to nine die .
However , a few elements have properties in between those of metals and non-metals .
If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but different contents , make the title of each such section unique by adding at the end of it , in parentheses , the name of the original author or publisher of that section if known , or else a unique number .
When a human being is killed by the action of himself -LRB- or herself -RRB- , it is called a suicide .
Telescopes at most observatories -LRB- and satellite instruments -RRB- can normally track a source as it moves across the heavens , making the star appear still to the telescope and allowing longer exposures .
For example , a joke that says that `` honest politician '' is an oxymoron .
August 's flower is the Gladiolus with the birthstone being peridot .
This is called a supercontinent .
After the first time they write its name , they will only write the first letter of the Genus , so they will write F. silvestris catus .
2 .
These include tomatoes , eggplants , cranberries , guavas , pomegranates and chillies .
The Danes speak Danish .
Important mosque types include the early Abbasid mosques , T-type mosques , and the central-dome mosques of Anatolia .
So the word metaphor in English was a metaphor , too .
But if any shall be found to be judaizers , let them be anathema -LRB- excommunicated -RRB- from Christ . ''
This all helps someone to become a good musician .
In Europe and the rest of North America , maize is grown mostly for use as animal feed .
The Galactic Halo extends outward , but is limited in size by the orbits of two Milky Way satellites , the Large and the Small Magellanic Clouds , whose perigalacticon is at about 180000 light years .
Some encyclopedias then put essays on more than one subject in alphabetical order instead of grouping them together by subject .
Another problem is that the mathematical laws of string theory also give lots of different possible solutions .
Protein is very important to have in your diet ; it 's basically what you are made of .
The country is surrounded by the sea except for Jylland , the largest part of Denmark .
Also , while many Christians prefer to consider the Bible as true , inspired by God , not all groups believe that it is completely accurate .
They hope the fish eat these dumplings instead of the poet 's corpse .
It did things like build the Snowy Mountains Scheme .
People have different traditions in different parts of the world for when to wear footwear .
The Solar System is the astronomical name for the Sun and other objects such as the planets which are bound to it by gravity .
Austria -LRB- German : Ã -- sterreich -RRB- , officially `` Republic of Austria '' , is a country in Central Europe .
The wettest spot on Earth , with average rainfall of 460 inches -LRB- 11,648 millimeters -RRB- a year , is just east of Mount Waialeale .
The Spanish also treated the native Cubans very cruelly and massacred many of them .
Usually they can not move -LRB- not counting growth -RRB- .
This protection made it possible for things to move from the deep ocean to the surface .
The scientific name of the apple tree genus in the Latin language is Malus .
Very small blue colored rings have been discovered around the blue planet , but they are not well known as the rings of Saturn .
The city used to be known as Peking .
London became an important trading city .
Earth interacts with other objects in the Solar System , particularly the Sun and the Moon .
After independence Afghanistan continued as a monarchy .
Different architectural styles were made in China , Japan , Southeast Asia , Africa , Mexico , and Central and South America .
The most used scientific model of the Universe is known as the Big Bang theory .
The burghers and bankers had more power in this looser system .
Boudica killed herself when Romans trapped her and the Romans then rebuilt London .
The 22 regions and 96 departments of metropolitan France includes Corsica -LRB- Corse , lower right -RRB- .
There were contests among the playwrights -LRB- people who write plays are called playwrights -RRB- and the winner would get a prize .
Rational numbers are numbers which can be written as fractions .
Tycho Brahe reasoned that comets did not come from the earth , and his calculations showed that comets must be six times farther than the earth is from the moon .
This was to cause a terrible problem for the Aboriginal people .
In our own time , subjects such as consciousness studies , decision theory , and applied ethics have increasingly found independence from philosophy as a whole .
The symbol for Mercury is based on Hermes ' staff .
Men , women , and children are human beings .
A prediction is a statement that someone makes about what they think is going to happen .
As we know currently , the ring system of Uranus has thirteen distinct rings .
English is also used , mostly for business and in the administration .
A person must study at an institution of higher education to become an architect .
Finland wanted to end the war with the Soviet Union , which resulted in peace , but once again Finland had to relinquish the areas that they had conquered .
This type of work is called farming .
This section summarises all the discoveries that Astronomy has made .
In comic books , the superhero is a person with supernatural abilities and tries to hide them .
It is called Chant -LRB- or Gregorian chant -RRB- .
Basically , instead of giving power to everyone such as a polyarchy would do , only a small part of the people have power .
They are only valuable because people value -LRB- want -RRB- them .
Aboriginal people did not usually build houses , except huts of grass , leaves and bark .
Some have blood in them .
Soap is a chemical compound resulting from the reaction of an alkali -LRB- commonly sodium or potassium hydroxide -RRB- with a fatty acid .
The first people to use these numbers were Leonard Euler and Carl Friedrich Gauss .
This is a joke because it is impossible for someone to lift themselves up by their own bootstraps .
A Christian is a person who believes in Christianity , a monotheistic religion .
Scientists in Germany have used genetic engineering to make a potato called the Amflora , which could be grown to make starch for making other things in factories .
It is often a sovereign territory .
Many types of money have been used at different times in history .
The author -LRB- s -RRB- and publisher -LRB- s -RRB- of the Document do not by this License give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any Modified Version .
`` First language '' sometimes does not mean this , however .
He thought , from looking at the way the planets moved , that the Earth was not the center of the Solar System .
For example , two democratic states may be quite different if one has a well-trained police or army while the other does not .
They must choose an instrument that is practical for their size .
Armenia is the place that some Christians believe Noah 's Ark landed , and Noah 's family settled .
If a person changes open content or makes new open content , everyone can give it to anyone else , or even sell it .
In many countries , if people say they made or wrote a book , movie , song , or Web page that they did not really write or make , it is a crime against the laws of copyright .
The state tree is the candlenut , also called kukui .
In modern Turkey non-Muslim tourists are allowed to enter any mosque , but must obey the rules of decorum .
550,000 are Pentecostals and Evangelicals -LRB- 0.8 % -RRB- .
The atmosphere near the surface of Jupiter is made of about 88 to 92 % hydrogen , 8 to 12 % helium , and 1 % other gases .
They lived by hunting , fishing and gathering food .
In the 18th and 19th centuries , it built a big colonial empire across West Africa and Southeast Asia .
One kind of social contract is a constitution .
The church at the Benedictine abbey of Saint John the Baptist was destroyed in 1539 .
It has 31 days .
One can visit the Old City in horse drawn carriages , where many buildings from the earliest years are standing proud , all of which is a constant reminder -LRB- and source of inspiration -RRB- to describe a lot about the way of life that started in the New World , when Montreal was just a fur trading outpost belonging to France over 350 years ago .
The International English Language Testing System -LRB- IELTS -RRB- tests how good you are at English language .
The botanical term includes many that are not `` fruits '' in the common sense of the term .
France vigorously opposed the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The things that people disagree and argue about must also be mentioned .
The word angel comes from the Greek word angelos which means `` messenger '' .
This is the highest in the European Union .
Its inhabitants are all the people and animals that live on it .
The people in Cuba still know that their government is lying .
Wanting to have rules of grammar that do not change and the same vocabulary used by everyone for better communication is another reason that is often given for defining one group 's language as correct .
This is because streamlined body shapes makes the water drag less .
They are attracted towards the nucleus because of the electromagnetic force .
The Third Republic replaced his regime .
The Aboriginal people did not think that the land belonged to them .
In many religions it is the tradition for people to meet for a celebration on one day in every week .
Most often , using profanity is a verbal outlet for strong feelings -LRB- usually unpleasant ones -RRB- , that might otherwise cause a physical reaction .
They can use these tools because they are trusted by the community , but this does not make them better or more important than anybody else .
Later , people get much more sick .
People like Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci still painted religious pictures , but they also now could paint mythological pictures too .
Star clusters are not galaxies , they are inside galaxies .
The autonomous development of topology from 1860 and 1930 fertilized graph theory back through the works of Jordan , Kuratowski and Whitney .
Traditional Danish food includes frikadeller -LRB- fried meatballs , often served with potatoes and various sorts of gravy -RRB- .
It is named after the philosopher Plato .
The main and inner rings of Jupiter are made of small , dark particles .
Following this were larger more military-based states such as the Roman Empire .
Organizations such as Common Ground teach people about the importance of rare and local varieties of fruit .
It showed the zodiac , the solar and lunar orbits , a crescent moon-shaped pointer traveling across a gateway that made some doors to open every hour , and five robotic musicians who play music when levers hit them .
Another example , is the ban , in some regions , on texting-while-driving an automobile -LRB- or train -RRB- , as new laws created after people died from wrecks when they were distracted by mobile phone messages .
The word mosque comes from the Arabic word masjid .
Modern pop music grew out of 1950s rock and roll , -LRB- for example Chuck Berry , Bo Diddley and Little Richard -RRB- and rockabilly -LRB- for example Elvis Presley and Buddy Holly -RRB- .
On 6 December 1917 , Finland became independent , which meant that it no longer was a part of Russia .
Today , Armenia 's borders are locked with Turkey and Azerbaijan , due to conflicts .
The only contents about the use of which you should contact the Wikimedia Foundation are the trademarked Wikipedia\/Wikimedia logos .
Consumer goods are classified as `` usage goods '' -LRB- for example , toilet paper -RRB- , as `` purpose goods '' -LRB- for example , a car -RRB- , and as `` services '' -LRB- for example , the work of a cleaning lady -RRB- .
However , strong magnetic fields are found around many bodies and can drastically change how the gases around them behave , affecting things from star formation to the flows of gases around compact stars , which is why MHD is important .
Many campuses also have housing for students in buildings called dormitories and structures like libraries , study rooms , and gymnasiums for students that live there .
November is the eleventh month of the year .
This division is still used today .
The Cathars thus had little competition .
On July 25 , 1943 , Mussolini was removed by the Great Council of Fascism , and , on September 8 , 1943 , Badoglio said that the war as an ally of Germany was ended .
Webster did create a slightly different identity for American English .
Some are expensive , maybe old , mostly painted by hand ; a few people collect such cups , and do not use them .
The Greeks were full of brilliant ideas .
If one wants to grow a certain type of apple it is not possible to do this by planting a seed from the wanted type .
Businesses that do things for people instead of making things are called service providers .
Peasants owned their own land .
The matter which can be seen is spread over a space at least 93 billion light years across .
The Australian Parliament sits in Canberra and makes laws for the whole country , also known as the Commonwealth or Federation .
The 18th century saw writings of authors , essayists and moralists as Voltaire and Jean-Jacques Rousseau .
It also made Spain lose its empire in North and South America ; all of the parts of that empire became their own countries , or were taken over by other countries such as the United States of America .
People catch fish with small nets from the side of the water or from small boats , or with big nets from big boats .
Today , the people of Egypt are mostly Sunni Muslims .
Its functions are stopped by death .
Arthur Conan Doyle from Scotland wrote the Sherlock Holmes detective novels .
Globular star clusters , on the other hand , are not currently forming stars because this activity happened billions of years ago and then stopped once all of the gas and dust clouds were used up .
There were hospital like cells , and healthy food and fresh water was served .
The craft will go into orbit around the planet in July 2016 .
In Christianity angels are helpers of god who are ministers to the faithful .
Mercury is the smallest planet in the Solar System .
Biology also studies how organisms react with each other and the environment .
The rules of how people should act to each other are different in different religions .
The basic principle is still the same though : the computer has a set of rules , usually called an algorithm .
In its orbit around the Sun , Neptune will return to its original point of discovery in August 2011 .
The capital letter `` L '' is preferred by some people as the small `` l '' can look like the number one `` 1 '' .
Some authors spelled words differently from one other .
With phonetic spelling the words are spelled as they are pronounced .
Using deduction is what makes mathematical thinking different from other kinds of thinking .
There are now many different types of potato .
Since the Jin dynasty , Beijing has been the capital of several dynasties , including the Yuan , Ming , Qing , and others .
Because of this , people thought that there were other animals and life on Mars , possibly even aliens .
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free software , because free software needs free documentation : a free program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does .
Use of names , titles , nicknames , etc.
Integers are whole numbers .
Other religions say there is more than one god .
This is today considered separate from the astrophysics and astronomy that provide statistics for physics to explain .
The academic one is for people who want to go to university .

The GFDL has other requirements that are more complicated .
A profanity can be a word or gesture or some other form of behavior .
Pheomelanin colors hair red .
Owning this empire made Spain very rich .
China is the original birth place of Eastern martial arts , called Kung Fu or its first name Wushu .
In tropical rainforest regions , with constant year-round climate , growth is continuous and the growth rings are not visible nor is there a change in the wood texture .
In the United Kingdom , there are two big parties , one medium-sized party , and many small ones .
This is called `` witnessing '' .
However , the deadline is imposed by an authority , whereas the time limit is imposed by a system .
In reference to Acts 20:7 , the disciples came together on the first day of the week -LRB- Sunday -RRB- to break bread and to hear the preaching of the apostle Paul .
Later the monarchy was restored , but then there was a Second Spanish Republic followed by the Spanish Civil War .
Their mode of nutrition is known as heterotrophic nutrition because they eat other living organisms as food in order to survive .
The country is rich in the vibrant blue stone , lapis lazuli , which was used to decorate the tomb of the Egyptian king Tutankhamun .
The name `` asteroid '' means `` like a star '' in the ancient Greek language .
November begins on the same day of the week as March every year and also February except in leap years .
The vocabulary of a language is always changing .
The less social capital there is , the more social problems there usually are .
The communists lost the civil war , and Finland did not change its old capitalist system .
Scarcity exists due to the effects of nature such as drought , floods , storms , pest infestation , fire and other things .
Some kinds are made of beef while others mix beef and pork .
Wind speeds of 360 kilometres per hour -LRB- km\/h -RRB- are common on Jupiter .
For example , people say `` he had a beer , and a whiskey to boot . ''
, directed by Ken G. Hall .
Captain Cook named the islands the Sandwich Islands for the fourth Earl of Sandwich , John Montague .
Recent observations also suggest that the cosmological constant -LRB- Î -RRB- is not zero and that the net mass-energy content of the universe is dominated by a dark energy and dark matter that have not been characterized scientifically .
Some of these are ambiguous , as they can be used either as a tool or a musical instrument .
They can be found in meat or muscle .
Because plastics are made of carbon , polymer chemistry is part of organic chemistry .
In English sentences , nouns can be used as a subject , object , or complement .
This island is called Honshu .
There are different systems , such as the cardiovascular system -LRB- the system that gets blood around the body -RRB- , the muscular system -LRB- the system that contains muscles -RRB- , the nervous system -LRB- the system that controls the nerves -RRB- , and the skeleton -LRB- the bones -RRB- .
A symbol is a drawing , shape , or object that represents an idea , object , or amount of something .
The temperatures on Mars are colder than on Earth , because it is farther away from the Sun .
Taiwan is southeast of the communist mainland China , south of Japan , and north of the Philippines .
Ghosts can form right after they die , or even centuries later .
Convection currents are the cause of almost all weather on Earth .
Usually , cider contains a little alcohol , about as much as beer .
Some trees develop multiple trunks -LRB- whether from an individual tree or multiple trees -RRB- which grow together .
Most changes in a language start with small things like this - for instance Italian , Spanish , French all came from Latin due to many small changes in use over centuries .
People cook potatoes by boiling , roasting , or frying them .
To dance in imitation of the animal which is going to be hunted is to become one with them .
The Romans when they came to Spain gave it the Latin name of Hispalis .
These things include :
-LRB- e.g. lithium is much more metallic than xenon -RRB- .
The largest group is the descendants of the Spanish settlers who came to Cuba .
Many also speak German .
As well , the executive usually controls the military , the police , and the bureaucracy .
The H + and the OH - react to make water .
This increased the existing tensions .
You may extract a single document from such a collection , and distribute it individually under this License , provided you insert a copy of this License into the extracted document , and follow this License in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document .
The dust in the Martian atmosphere make the Martian sunsets have a rather blue color .
In many religions , a spirit is considered to be the part of a being that is not the body .
In most parts of the world , people put up a house and a fence or some marker to show that they own the land .
So that makes it true .
With the evolution of the Internet , personal computers are becoming as common as the television and the telephone in the household .
This means that the working class -LRB- the people who work in factories etc -RRB- have hardly any power but the people who own the factories have a lot of power .
In geography , Denmark is the land in northern Europe , where the Danes live .
Much of the land is gentle hills or plains which are good for farming or raising cattle .
The various drives -LRB- CD drive , floppy drive , and on many newer computers , USB drive -RRB- act like eyes , ears , and fingers , and allow the computer to read different types of storage , in the same way that a human can read different types of books .
An election is usually a competition between different parties .
One kind of social contract is a constitution - which allows for a jury or court to decide that the law , not the person , is wrong , according to the society 's rules .
There are also some philosophical problems with God .
The Earth takes about 24 hours to complete one day and about 365 days to complete a year .
At the center of Montreal is a mountain called Mount Royal .
Many people visit London as tourists , to see the famous `` Sights of London '' which include palaces , churches and museums .
A supernatural being is also sometimes called a deity .
Together they are known as the noble gases .
Copying with changes limited to the covers , as long as they preserve the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions , can be treated as verbatim copying in other respects .
It used symmetry , which really means balance , and it used proportion which means keeping shapes in certain ways .
With about 100,000 types of trees , the number of tree types in the whole world might be one fourth of all living plant types .
So a child for instance should not just go to bed and stay there for a period of time , but should be able to get up and do things , even if they have to go back to bed quickly afterward to rest some more .
It contains less fat than butter , so is often chosen instead of it .
Gold and Silver certificates are convertible paper money as they can be fully convertible into gold and silver .
Two types of melanin pigment give hair its color : eumelanin and pheomelanin .
The person who usually leads the prayers is called imam .
A definition usually answers the question what .
The extent of the changes is much greater than people used to think .
Some people consider Ada Lovelace to be the first programmer .
That means for a 3 inch tree , the TPZ would extend 3 feet in all directions from the base of the trunk at ground level .
Finally , any work licensed with the GFDL must contain , somewhere , the entire text of the license .
He sailed into the St. Lawrence River in 1534 and established a colony near present-day Quebec City .
United Kingdom and Portugal returned Hong Kong and Macao back to China in 1997 and 1999 respectively .
Numbers written with a finite decimal form are rational .
He persuaded his emperor not to accept Qin 's diplomats ' offers several times but his emperor did not listen to him .
Some `` light '' salami might add turkey or chicken to reduce both fat and calories .
These data are stored as binary symbols -LRB- 1s and 0s -RRB- .
The term is used for a list questions and answers .
These are the ones that are probably relevant here :
Those who are seen as trying to get a free ride will get much less help .
English makes few changes to its word endings -LRB- ` suffixes ' -RRB- .
The government tries to lead the whole group .
Because of the many islands , Denmark has many bridges .
Some areas of mathematics study the structure that an object has .
Astronomers speak about major -LRB- or true -RRB- planets , and minor planets , which are smaller objects that go around the Sun .
The Torah scrolls have the holy writings of Judaism on them .
The Carolingian dynasty ruled France until 987 , when Hugh Capet became King of France .
The writers used the name `` Martians '' for intelligent beings from Mars .
Proteins are essential for life .
Not all combinations of atoms are usually possible ; atoms like certain shapes , but not others .
Because Babbage did not have enough money and always changed his design when he had a better idea , he never built his Analytical Engine .
This was the period when William Shakespeare wrote .
It is the capital of England and the United Kingdom .
Some islands are their own countries .
Institutionalist states do not see themselves as ` instruments ' to be controlled , they are more just geographical areas .
Rather , the number of stars drops smoothly with distance from the center of the Galaxy .
Sound can travel through water faster than through air ; and they travel even faster in solids like stone , iron , and steel .
The most important festivals that Finnish people celebrate are Midsummer and Christmas .
Computers do not know English , so people must tell their computers to do things by speaking the computer 's language .
Jews may call synagogues by different names .
They did research to use it for biological warfare .
The simplest form of it is the DNA restriction system evolved in bacteria to prevent infection by bacteriophages .
The word â dictionaryâ comes from the Latin â dictionâ -LRB- â wordâ -RRB- .
Afghanistan is in the path of important trade routes connecting southern and eastern Asia to Europe and the Middle East .
Or , when those two months were moved from the end to the beginning of the year by the decemvirs about 450 BC -LRB- Roman writers disagree -RRB- .
Niihau is the smallest of the inhabited islands of Hawaii , in the United States .
Some theater breaks websites have been trading for over 20 years .
The best evidence of life outside of Earth is fossil evidence of possible bacterial life on Mars .
Another reason is that people think they are safe .
Such moves have made moral purchasing more attractive , as it avoids liability and future lawsuits .
Cars are banned from the small island just like its Channel Island neighbor , Sark .
Its subsequent development has interwoven a variety of scientific disciplines including astronomy , physics , geology , and planetary science .
They also fought on the Western Front .
There were many battles , that eventually resulted in Finland losing areas along its eastern border to the Soviet Union .
All atoms above atomic number 82 -LRB- 82 protons -RRB- are radioactive .
After Napoleon 's final defeat in 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo , another monarchy arose .
But this made him impotent -LRB- unable to have sex -RRB- and made him grow breasts .
; Damn A verb , meaning to condemn someone or something .
Sentences English speakers find normal today might have seemed strange to people 100 years ago .
After 1947 , India has become a powerful country .
In Simple English for instance we avoid using words in unusual senses .
The farmers live mainly in small villages along the rivers .
Also , some nouns are ` countable ' -LRB- they can be counted , for example , one piece , two pieces -RRB- but others are not -LRB- for example , we do not say one furniture , two furnitures -RRB- .
Ancient people used the positions of the stars to navigation , and to find when was the best time to plant crops .
The crusade became known as the Albigensian crusade after the town of Albi .
In Roman mythology , Neptune was the god of the sea , identified with the Greek god , Poseidon .
India has 23 official languages .
Such a grid and infrastructure with new vehicles might be first made in Iceland , a country that has much free geothermal energy and is quite small .
The four color problem remained unsolved for more than a century .
Over time some art forms have branched off , while others have retained their distinct Chinese flavor .
A landscape of trees scattered or spaced across grassland -LRB- usually grazed or burned over periodically -RRB- is called a savanna .
It has archaeological evidence over 5,000 years old .
Some say that North America and South America are one continent .
The Internet is a large group of computers that are connected to each other .
Money is also called many other names , like currency or cash .
He realized they had a negative charge , unlike protons -LRB- positive -RRB- and neutrons -LRB- no charge -RRB- .
Spelling of names , titles , nicknames , etc.
Some think they have the right to hold land without government permission .
In the amount of time it takes for Jupiter to orbit the Sun one time , the Earth orbits the Sun 11.86 times .
New York was the capital of the United States under the Articles of Confederation from 1785 to 1788 .
In earlier days , people could not travel anywhere unless they went by boat .
They begin by testing falsehood to find out truth .
Then make a comment about how all trees are just subsets of graphs .
It reached its golden age during the Tang Dynasty -LRB- about A.D. 10th century -RRB- .
Most apples that people grow are of the Malus domestica species .
A better understanding of an idiom is that it is a phrase whose meaning can not be understood from the dictionary definitions of each word taken separately .
The English language occasionally uses the apostrophe mark ' to show that a word is written in a shorter way , but some abbreviations do not use this mark .
What the person is really saying is `` figure out your problem yourself '' or `` find your own way to better your situation . ''
By learning how the body functions normally , physiologists and physicians can better understand what happens when organs do not function normally .
It is estimated to contain at least 200 billion stars and possibly up to 400 billion stars .
Expresses contempt , or thinking that someone is foolish .
During the history of Spain many different people have lived there .
Some well-known cities in the UK include London , Edinburgh , Cardiff , Belfast , Manchester , Liverpool , Birmingham and Glasgow .
In a mosque , people should keep focused on worshiping Allah .
Usually a person decides to join a religion because they like what they have read or been told , and they believe that they are hearing the truth .
In India and Tibet , painted sculptures , dance , and religious painting were done .
However , in Europe and North America especially , many women no longer do this even though their mothers and grandmothers may have .
Some architecture , even some paintings , are thousands of years old , but old music could not survive until people learned to write it down .
When it is liquid , it is shaped and left to cool .
Every radioactive element or isotope has something called a half life .
This article is about the ideas that have been thought about by philosophers -LRB- people who think and write about ways of thinking -RRB- for a long time .
It had wars with China and Russia : the First Sino-Japanese War , the Russo-Japanese War , and the Second Sino-Japanese War , which grew to become a part of World War 2 .
A fig is a type of accessory fruit called a syconium .
Later , they took the whole roof above the prayer hall .
Some types of distilled alcoholic drinks are also called spirits -LRB- as a plural , not `` spirit '' -RRB- .
` Throwing ' is an extra metaphor for how light arrives .
He flourished under Al-Ma ` moun in Baghdad , Iraq through 813-833 CE , and died around 840 CE .
It has many islands .
One of the most popular of these languages is Esperanto , which is sometimes called `` La Internacia Lingvo , '' or `` The International Language . ''
The second official language is Dari -LRB- Afghan dialect of Farsi -LRB- Persian -RRB- -RRB- , which is spoken by the Tajik , Hazara , and other groups .
There are many theories of how to organize government better .
The treatment forced on him is now believed to be very wrong , going against medical ethics and international laws of human rights , and malpractice by most doctors .
There is still no bridge across the Baltic Sea to Germany , but it will most likely be built in a few years .
Seeds inside juicy fruits are dispersed after being eaten .
People who study anatomy then look where a certain organ -LRB- or bone , or muscle -RRB- should be , or where it normally is .
The differences between the two Decalogues highlight the development of sacred texts over a long time and from differing narrative traditions by incorporating two differing sets of Ten Commandments .
Most Finns work either in services -LRB- that is : shops , banks , offices or businesses -RRB- or in factories .
Over 8 million people live in it , and over 22 million people live in and around it .
There is controversy as to which translation is more faithful , and both forms are quoted in support of ethical standpoints .
It may be polished for use , but is always rough in texture and resistant to slipping .
It completes one rotation or spin in 10 hours .
Even in the stone age people made music .
These ancient Greek plays were performed outdoors in large amphitheatres , so that many people could see them .
Ain al-Yaqeen , a Saudi newspaper , reported in 2002 that Saudi money may have helped to build as many as 1,500 mosques and 2,000 other Islamic centers .
He built a mechanical theater which performed a play lasting 10 minutes and was operated by a complex system of ropes and drums .
The immune system protects the body .
Finns fought Germans , and Germans retreated to Norway , burning down the whole of Lapland behind them .
There are many other small branches of chemistry .
In 1827 British scientist Robert Brown looked at pollen grains in water and used Dalton 's atomic theory to describe patterns in the way they moved .
This is the kind of ink Johann Sebastian Bach and Leonardo da Vinci used .
-LRB- For example , people do not say `` I will the go to school '' because go is a verb . -RRB-
To become a lawyer , a person has to complete a two - or three-year university program at a law school and pass an entrance examination .
It was exemplified by drama and grandeur in sculpture , painting , literature , dance , and music -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
Most people in Italy are Roman Catholics , but the Catholic Church is no longer officially the state religion .
Mercury is made of about 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
Networks of public and private railways cover almost all of the country .
America was able to bomb most of the important cities and quickly brought Japan close to defeat .
Now they are not so important for transport , but they are still used for recreation and competition .
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these copies of the Document , then if the Document is less than one half of the entire aggregate , the Document 's Cover Texts may be placed on covers that bracket the Document within the aggregate , or the electronic equivalent of covers if the Document is in electronic form .
There are still many islands with no bridges to the mainland .
The first Australian Oscar was won by 1942 's Kokoda Front Line !
The very high temperatures and pressures in Jupiter 's core mean scientists can not tell what materials would be there .
They usually have wings like a bird .
Some Spaniards tried to set up a government chosen by the people -LRB- a democracy -RRB- , and they made the King of Spain leave the country .
Terrestrial ecoregion and climate change research are two areas where ecologists -LRB- people studying ecology -RRB- now focus .
There are many laws in Classical Architecture , like how high the middle of an arched bridge needs to be -LRB- which depends on how wide the bridge needs to be -RRB- .
The Roman Empire was the largest empire of the ancient world .
There was only one man who was a farmer .
It often replaces money which people would use to buy the same help .
Also , since the same fee can be collected by anyone finding and returning the bottle , it is common for people to collect these and return them as a means of surviving .
An important difference between this view and other medicine is that someone is not just `` sick '' until they are `` well '' , but will go through periods of time feeling sick , and feeling well , as a part of the rhythms starting to work .
Governments of villages , cities , counties and other communities are also subordinate to the government of the state or province where they exist , and then to that of the country .
He talked to the Austrians in Lombardy and Veneto and said they should create a Northern Italian state .
Bureaucrats can give administrator or bureaucrat rights to other users , following a successful request on Requests for permissions .
So , a son of Ono Yoko -LRB- female -RRB- and Ono Ken -LRB- male -RRB- is Ono something .
Molecules are made up of atoms that are stuck together in a particular shape or form .
Instead of buying a car they buy a SUV that 's designed like a car .
Christians consider the Holy Spirit to be God as well .
France occupied Spain for a long time .
People in poorer developing countries usually have less leisure time , as they have to work longer hours and more days per year .
The Empire dates from 27 BC , when Octavian became the Emperor Augustus .
A summary is a short version of something , for instance a movie or a book or an article .
June begins on a different day of the week each year .
People want different resources than the ones they have , so they will trade resources for other resources .
Others were named after famous people , like einsteinium was named after Albert Einstein .
In 1909 a scientist named Ernest Rutherford used the Rutherford Experiment to prove that electrons are very small compared to protons and neutrons .
I , Katha McGowan moved here in 1961 .
Usually , more jargon is created over time .
Jazz is usually improvised : the players make up -LRB- invent -RRB- the music as they play .
One number system used by many libraries is the Dewey decimal system .
There are many more metals than non-metals .
Cerro Aconcagua , at 6,960 metres -LRB- 22,834 ft -RRB- , is the Americas ' highest mountain .
Because of this , they became very wealthy .
If a jazz band plays very well together , people will say `` that is a swinging jazz band '' or `` that band really swings well . ''
For example helium , neon , argon , krypton and xenon are all in the same column and have very similar properties .
Many organisms are not able to reproduce and yet are still generally considered to be `` alive '' ; see mule and ant for examples .
Anyone can make up his or her own pieces of music .
Many plants need the help of fungi to make their roots work properly .
A ghost is considered to be the spirit of a dead person .
Julius Caesar conquered Gaul for Rome in the 1st century BC .
Glass is made of sand that is heated until it is liquid .
For example , when they can not get clean water , people may become ill ; if there is not enough wood , trees will be cut and the forest will disappear over time -LRB- deforestation -RRB- ; if there are not enough fish in a sea , people can die of starvation .
For smaller volumes the millilitre is used : 1000 ml = one litre .
In other cultures , people use their nicknames .
A paradox can also arise in ethics .
Algebra is taught in school to help in harder mathematics , science , and engineering classes .
It is based on living animals .
Some mosques have Arabic calligraphy and Qur ` anic verses on the walls to help worshipers focus on the beauty of Islam and its holiest book , the Qur ` an , as well as for decoration .
The word `` algebra '' is a Latin form of the Arabic word Al-Jabr -LRB- `` casting '' -RRB- and comes from a mathematics book Al-Maqala fi Hisab-al Jabr wa-al-Muqabilah , -LRB- `` Essay on the Computation of Casting and Equation '' -RRB- written in the 9th century by a famous Persian mathematician , Muhammad ibn MÅ `` sÄ al-Khw Ä rizmÄ `` , who was a Muslim born in Khwarizm in Uzbekistan .
This law says when distance gets multipied by a number , sound intensity gets divided by that number squared -LRB- the number times itself -RRB- .
They also began to think about the place of Earth in the universe .
The scientific study of plants , known as botany , has identified about 350,000 extant species of plants .
Harbour means to shelter or keep safe .
Some services on the Internet cost nothing to use .
They have between 5 and 8 holes each and were made from the hollow bones of a bird , the red-crowned crane .
A column of elements down the table is called a group .
Scientists believe atoms are made of protons , neutrons and electrons .
The item in question is a fragment of the femur of a young cave bear , and has been dated to about 43,000 years ago .
Tree worship refers to the tendency of many societies in all of history to worship or otherwise mythologize trees .
The pictures sent back to Earth from Voyager 2 in 1989 became the basis of a PBS all-night program called Neptune All Night .
These problems can be hard to fix .
Other 19th century fiction writers include Emile Zola , Guy de Maupassant , ThÃ ophile Gautier and Stendhal .
`` The All-Knowing '' -LRB- al - Ê AlÄ `` m -RRB- is one of the Names of God reflecting distinct properties of God in Islam .
The only part left is a gate that people still go to visit .
However , in the same year , John Herschel began to support the mathematical method and encouraged James Challis to search for the planet .
The first governments in the colonies were run by Governors chosen by London .
Some people did not want a machine that would do the same thing over and over again .
Its official name is Repubblica Italiana .
The Uranian ring system probably began from the collisional fragmentation of moons that once existed around the planet .
For example : April showers bring May flowers .
It was thought up by Santiago Calatrava a famous building expert .
Many live in the open ocean and swim constantly , like marlins , swordfish , and tuna .
Every society has its own dances .
In Chinese Taoism the elements are metal , wood , water , fire , earth -LRB- é ` ã æ ã æ ã ç `` ã å -RRB- .
The north was converted to Protestantism by the British , but the rest of Ireland did not convert , which is the main reason for the division today .
The Earth sciences include the study of the atmosphere , oceans and biosphere , as well as the solid earth .
The Shabbat day -LRB- also known as the Sabbath Day -RRB- is the 7th day of the week in Judaism .
Scientists think that soon after this there was a time -LRB- the Cryogenian -RRB- when the Earth was almost entirely covered by thick ice sheets -LRB- glaciers -RRB- .
The other domes are often smaller .
After the Spanish Civil War it was ruled by a dictator until the mid 1970s when it became a democracy .
It is the simple sentence `` This sentence is a lie . ''
The last subject is foreign countries this includes all households , business companies and state institutions , which are not based in one 's own country .
Physics studies how things move , and the forces that make them move .
Older Protestant translations of the Bible , those based on the Vulgate and Roman Catholic translations usually translate it `` Thou shalt not kill '' .
The container deposit charged for a deposit bottle may be a fee to buy the bottle , separately from the fee to buy what it contains .
At this time , all mathematical formulas say that the particles are point-like and therefore have no shape at all .
Another scale is the ` short scale ' under which a new name is given every time a number is a thousand times larger than the last named number .
Apples used for cooking are sour , and need to be cooked with sugar , while other apples are sweet , and do not need cooking .
People also speak languages such as Sicilian and Sardinian , which are similar to Italian , but are different dialects of Italian .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union collapsed .
Current events , modern economic history , modern social history and modern intellectual history take very different views of the way history has affected the way that we think today .
Slang is words that are informal .
Jews and Moors , who had lived happily there for many years , were driven away .
They voted to join together to form one new country , called the Commonwealth of Australia , in 1901 .
In 1145 open challenge to Catholic dominance began .
Beginning in 1912 , Edgar Rice Burroughs wrote several novels about adventures on Mars .
Dublin is home to Ireland 's largest stadium , Croke Park .
The crust is split up into parts called plates .
It has 30 days .
5 million people live in the Community .
-2 -2 i -2 i _
But when you use a match to light it , it will burn for a long time .
Slap stick comedy can be used in comedy movies or comedy television shows .
Time is written t. Using the basic ideas in algebra can help reduce a math problem to its simplest form making it easier to solve difficult problems .
This is a list of annual events or festivals .
The largest online project to license its content under the GFDL is Wikipedia .
Some of them have been going for hundreds of years .
-LRB- The city has been called Kaliningrad since 1946 -RRB- .
The British came to Sydney in 1788 and started prison colonies .
and `` It is not lawful to receive unleavened bread from the Jews , nor to be partakers of their impiety . ''
It is about family , work , school , and friends .
å ' å -RRB- is a communist-based country in eastern Asia .
To imitate the act of sex is to achieve fertility .
The UK is north-west off the coast of mainland Europe .
In some systems , members of one party in the legislature are all expected to vote the same way .
He chose the hormones .
This causes the planet to bulge in the middle .
It is never needed to ask permission to do this , because the people who wrote the text already gave their permission when they clicked the Save button .
A knowledgeable person is someone who knows a lot .
Geometry began as the art of measuring the shape of land so that it could be shared fairly between people .
If a giant meteorite hit the Earth , the force would be strong enough to send pieces of the earth up to space .
Name origins
`` I beat him in an argument '' = metaphorical meaning of ` beat ' .
During the late twentieth century , more and more mosques have been used for political purposes .
In some cultures , names are taken from a relative .
As a consequence , icons are venerated in some Eastern Orthodox services .
Agnostics think we can not know for sure whether any deities exist , but still might -LRB- or might not -RRB- believe at least one deity exists .
India fought a famous battle with the Portuguese who were ruling over a small part of Indian region and were not ready to hand over that part to India .
A drawing of a number line is below .
But the king did not rule as a dictator ; instead , he chose to set up a democracy .
Animals living in solitary do not have to share food with each other .
In 1959 , Hawaii became the fiftieth American state .
For example , radio astronomy started out of leftover military equipment at Jodrell Bank after the war .
Astronomy is very similar to astrophysics .
In other cultures , a name shows what the parents hope their child will be like .
To learn a language a person needs to learn the words in that language , and how and when to use them .
Physics is the science of matter and how matter interacts .
More modern famous writers include Peter Carey , Thomas Keneally and Colleen McCullough .
Many soap experts say that soap can be made in many ways .
In addition , the Taliban severely restricted the rights of women .
Nuclear fusion is a very powerful source of energy .
This is twice the mass of all the other planets in the Solar System put together .
The beliefs are about the world and the people in it , about how they came into being , and what their purpose is .
It is made up of four countries : England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales .
English is often called `` the international language '' .
Felis silvestris catus -LRB- domestic cat -RRB- When someone writes about this animal , the first time they write its name they will write Felis silvestris catus .
The capital city of England is London .
A person who does this is called a criminal .
Apples were brought to North America in the 1600s .
However not probable , is held true in the English rules of grammar .
Those people who rule the land can allow others to own it .
Some Australians protested against these wars .
French fries or `` chips '' are potatoes cut into long pieces and fried until they are soft .
Secondarily , this License preserves for the author and publisher a way to get credit for their work , while not being considered responsible for modifications made by others .
These sites are culturally important and value according to UNESCO .
3 .
If the minuend is less than the subtrahend , the difference will be a negative number .
Chlorophyll is mostly found in leaves , inside plastids , which are inside the leaf cells .
Collisions between bodies have occurred continually , and have been important to the evolution of the Solar System .
In the 1950s and 1960s , comedian Jerry Lewis also used silly slap stick comedy in his comedy movies .
By 1853 the goldrushes had made some poor people , very rich .
This is called inverse or direct proportion .
Leibniz wanted to work out the space -LRB- area -RRB- under a curve -LRB- a line which is not straight -RRB- .
The middle of the data is called an average .
Plants that lack water become very limp and their stems can not support their leaves .
Sometimes the government allows more time , as it did for the families of those who were killed in the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
The Communists , led by Mao Zedong , Liu Shaoqi and others .
Although Brussels is surrounded by the Flemish Region its importance as the national capital means it is a special bilingual -LRB- two-language -RRB- zone .
Stress and drinking too much alcohol can also cause diarrhea .
They thought this because they could only see the planets up to Saturn and stars .
This was during Captain James Cook 's third Pacific Ocean trip .
It took people many years of looking carefully through telescopes to find the farthest away ones .
Pictures from Voyager 2 in 1989 solved the problem , when the ring system was found to have several faint rings .
Public Health refers to trying to stop a disease that is unhealthy to the community , and does not help in long life or promote your health .
This means `` one thousand paces '' .
The four biggest islands are Honshu , Hokkaido , Shikoku , and Kyushu , and there are about 6,000 smaller islands there .
Captain Phillip found that Botany Bay was flat and windy .
Psychoneuroimmunology or mind-body medicine is a view of medicine and health .
The police enforce the criminal laws by arresting people suspected of breaking the law .
Does philosophy do any good ?
What he saw through his telescope confused him .
It may also contain skimmed milk , salt and emulsifiers .
It is the province with the second-highest number of people .
After the Kingdom of Yan was destroyed , the city became smaller , although it was still an important place .
However , in 1936 , two different groups of Spaniards went to war over whether the government should be a democracy , or take orders from one person .
`` Scientists who live in Canada say that Marco was good because -LRB- say their reasons -RRB- .
The first to be demonstrated working was the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine -LRB- SSEM or `` Baby '' -RRB- , while the EDSAC , completed a year after SSEM , was the first really useful computer that used the stored program design .
There are several types of dictionaries : dictionaries which explain words and how they are used , dictionaries which translate words from one language to another , dictionaries that can define multiple words at one time , dictionaries of biography which tell about famous people , technical dictionaries which explain the meanings of technical words or words connected to a particular subject -LRB- sometimes called a thesaurus -RRB- .
In German , main verbs often come near the end of sentences , whereas in English we usually put them between subject and object , as : the cat sat on the mat .
Most fruits we eat contain a lot of water and natural sugars , and many are high in Vitamin C. They have a large amount of dietary fiber .
A computer is now almost always an electronic device .
; Ass or Arse The buttocks or `` butt '' -LRB- from Anglo-Saxon ears -RRB- of a human .
The organization might be worldwide , like the Roman Catholic Church , or it might be just a small group of people like the Tempe Bible Tract Society .
The cook sometimes uses a cookbook .
No matter how many times 10 is added , 10 more can still be added .
Most cups for drinking hot drinks , for example coffee or tea , have handles .
There are two main language families in India , the Indo-Aryan and the Dravidian languages .
For example , how to factorize polynomials , or how to use a matrix to solve many linear equations at once .
Knowledge comes from being in an environment , having some experience there , and then sharing what was learned .
The country founded a religion called Hinduism , which most Indians still follow .
An `` old river '' often floods across the land after there is lots of rain at the `` headwaters '' .
In the 4th century AD , the Germanic tribes , principally the Franks invaded the Gauls .
The Armenian name for Armenia -LRB- Hayastan -RRB- means Land of Haik .
It 's easier for people who can play an instrument themselves .
Most peers are now appointed by the government .
Another group of philosophers believe that ethics is subjective .
Olympus Mons is about 17 miles -LRB- or 27 kilometers -RRB- high .
The island is built from seven separate shield volcanoes that erupted more or less one at a time , one partly covering the other .
Leonhard Euler used to live in a city that was called KÃ nigberg for some time .
Napoleon Bonaparte took control of the Republic in 1799 .
Like planets , asteroids do not make their own light .
When light shone on the nucleus of Halley 's Comet , the comet reflected only 4 % of the light back to us .
They were to make a new colony at the place that Captain Cook had discovered , named Botany Bay , because of the plants found there by the two scientists .
There are different forms of government a state can have , for example a republic , or a monarchy .
Modern computers were made when someone -LRB- Charles Babbage -RRB- had a bright idea .
The Saint Lawrence River is a big river in eastern North America .
Islam sees giving charity during Ramadan as good acts .
Any number divided by itself always gives 1 as the answer .
By placing a telescope in orbit above the atmosphere , astronomers had access , for the first time in history , to the entire electromagnetic spectrum including those that had been blocked by the atmosphere .
It was written down by a monk around the year 1250 .
They said that this particular value it approached was the actual slope .
JenosÃ d !
He was one of the first people to work with modern digital computers .
It flew around the planet for seven years and studied all of the four biggest moons .
Greenhouse gas released in one place , for instance , is fairly evenly distributed in the atmosphere , and so greenhouse gas control can be achieved by creating a carbon sink literally anywhere else .
Escoffier managed the restaurants and cuisine at the Savoy Hotel and Carlton Hotel in London , the HÃ tel Ritz Paris , and some of the greatest cruise ships .
The Jewish Defense League was suspected of plotting to bomb the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California .
Loud talking or discussion of topics that could be disrespectful , is forbidden in areas where people are praying .
Molecules that require less energy to break than they give off when broken are called fuels .
Samuel de Champlain came from France and traveled into the St. Lawrence River .
Some can be shaped only when they are freshly made ; then they become hard afterwards .
The words that are not on the list are called unfamiliar .
Many moons have formed from circling discs of gas and dust around their parent planets , while other moons are believed to have formed independently and later been captured by their planets .
A function is like a box you can put a number or numbers into and get a certain number out .
The Chinese government made a force of 35,000 police check northern Chinese brick kilns for slaves , and sent lots of kiln supervisors and officials to prison and sentenced one kiln foreman to death for killing a worker who was a slave .
In other cultures , a person has the same name as his or her father , but the name is in a different place .
However , during winter in Spain it is warmer and hardly snows , except on high mountains .
Jupiter has many bands of clouds going horizontally across its surface .
One possible theory is that heat transfer from the planet 's core disrupted the atmospheric balance and existing circulation patterns .
Most ways of measuring social capital have to do with trust - people who trust that favors and help will be available when they need it will favor and help others more .
In the west is the Arabian Sea , in the south is the Indian Ocean , and in the east is the Bay of Bengal .
This is why people have a sleep -LRB- siesta -RRB- in the afternoon when it is too hot to do anything .
A mosque is a place where Muslims worship .
Then it became a republic .
This is the element silver and it comes from the Latin argentum .
This phenomenon is actually due to the process of glass manufacture in the past which led to the glass pane being thicker at one edge than the other .
The Dutch surrendered Nieuw Amsterdam without fighting .
The planet Uranus has a system made of 13 rings between the more extensive set around Saturn and the simpler systems around Jupiter and Neptune .
This was unlike a tragedy , where the problems do not work out , usually resulting in someone 's death .
October is the tenth month of the year .
See the GFDL -LRB- GNU Free Documentation License -RRB- or the Simple English version of the GFDL .
Plastics are also normally made from crude oil .
But , in 1918 , the Central Powers surrendered , and Italy gained the Trentino-South Tyrol , which once was owned by Austria .
One called JIMO -LRB- Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter -RRB- was canceled in 2006 because it cost too much money .
The dance may be informal play , part of a ritual , or part of a professional performance .
Many people live in the eastern coast of both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland as well , because that side is closest to Europe and was settled first by the ancient peoples of Ireland .
This is just politics between nations instead of politics within nations .
The last day of the Spring Festival is the Lantern Festival .
The opposite of multiplication is division .
Some true berries do not have berry in their name .
Adjectives can also describe nouns .
Seventh-day Sabbatarians claim that the seventh day Sabbath was kept by the majority of Christian groups until the 2nd and 3rd century , by most until the 4th and 5th century , and a few thereafter , but because of opposition to Judaism after the Jewish-Roman wars , the original custom was gradually replaced by Sunday as the day of worship .
In common talk it is called the West Maui Mountain .
At this stage , the matter in the universe was mainly a hot , dense plasma of negative electrons , neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei .
A sample job would be making nylon .
There are some seeds at the core , that can be removed with a tool that removes the core , or by carefully using a knife .
These are called chemical elements , such as hydrogen or gold .
Travel between cities by bus is also popular .
During the D-Day operations of 1944 , two artifical harbors -LRB- named mulberry -RRB- were built just off the beaches where the invasion was going to happen .
The universe seems to have much more matter than antimatter .
Comedies may also show people telling jokes and funny stories .
There are disputes about certain parts of the Indian borders .
These mammals have thick hair or blubber to keep them warm .
Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special permission from their copyright holders , but you may include translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the original versions of these Invariant Sections .
Mont Blanc -LRB- Monte Bianco in Italian -RRB- , the highest mountain in western Europe , belongs to this chain .
The largest online encyclopedia is Wikipedia in English , which has more than 3 million articles now .
The Meiji Restoration of 1868 stopped some old ways and added many new ones .
Once airbases were established within range of the Japanese mainland America began to win , and started dropping bombs on Japanese cities .
George Bass and Matthew Flinders sailed south to Tasmania and a colony was started at Hobart in 1803 .
As of January 2007 , we know of 209 other planets .
Sometimes mosques are used for refugees , or as temporary homes for homeless people .
Smaller telescopes can be combined together to create a larger one which is effectively as large as the distance between the two smaller telescopes .
Many philosophies and religions say that a soul is the part of a living human being which is supernatural and lives after death .
In the 1600s , Dutch merchants traded with the islands of Batavia -LRB- now Indonesia -RRB- , to the north of Australia and several different Dutch ships touched on the coast of Australia .
Since then , some people in Quebec have wanted to leave Canada .
You must delete all sections Entitled `` Endorsements . ''
The four main parts of a tree are the roots , the trunk , the branches , and the leaves .
Examples : List of Internet slang words Leet speak -LRB- Written as : L33T or 1337 -RRB- is the most common language on MMORPGs because rude words are not stopped by filters .
That time is called the monsoon .
To know the history of an idiom can be useful and interesting , but is not necessary to be able to use the idiom properly .
July is the seventh month of the year .
In Islam it is on Friday , and is called `` Yawm al-Jamme ` a , '' the `` Day of Gathering '' -LRB- For prayer -RRB- .
This formula is very well-known , and it is very important in physics .
People who reject belief that any deities exist are called atheists .
There are 10 different symbols used in the base ten number system .
Usually these words signal a political dispute or some failure to define terms correctly .
The picture on the left shows a shark .
Even if they make it to a hospital , most die .
Leather is the skin of an animal , used as a material .
If people do not eat enough protein , they get the disease called kwashiorkor .
In some parts of Australia the people used sharp flaked-stone spearheads , but most Aboriginal spears were made of sharply pointed wood .
The positions of the planets often shifted , and planets have switched places .
For example , the Makesysop extension is an extension to promote a user into an administrator or a bureaucrat .
Thomson created the plum pudding model , which stated that an atom was like plum pudding : the dried fruit -LRB- electrons -RRB- were stuck in a mass of pudding -LRB- protons -RRB- .
Grammar studies nouns , pronouns , verbs , adjectives , adverbs , prepositions , conjunctions , sentences , phrases , clauses , syntax .
In 1846 , Urbain Le Verrier , who was not working with Adams , created his own calculations but also had problems in encouraging any interest with his people .
The Greek word '' Î 1\/4 Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î '' means `` science , knowledge , or learning '' .
There are many other types of plays performed in the theater today .
Some resources are difficult to find , so people sometimes fight to have them -LRB- for example , oil resources -RRB- .
Life is considered to be negentropic because it takes things in less order , like dead food , and turns it into things in more order , like cells in the body , tissues , and organs .
Five years later , the two Voyager spacecraft discovered over 20 new moons .
This is separate from the instructional capital that might try to capture some of that in a patent or training system that helps others do what the individual leader or founder of the system can do .
As an exogenous -LRB- growing from outside -RRB- tree grows , it creates growth rings as new wood is laid down concentrically over the old wood .
Famous Australian writers include the bush balladeers Banjo Paterson and Henry Lawson who wrote about life in the Australian bush .
Austria is a democratic state and has nine federal states : Vorarlberg , the Tyrol , Salzburg , Carinthia , Styria , Upper Austria , Lower Austria , Vienna and Burgenland .
Some movements of a symphony were loud and fast ; other movements were quiet and sad .
In the nineteenth century , more people were given suffrage -LRB- the right to vote -RRB- , but even so , by 1900 , women could not vote , and only 40 % of men were rich enough to vote .
The word `` sitcom '' is a shortened way of saying `` situational comedy . ''
When they do this , they are called modifiers .
One distinction often made is between soul , which is distinct from other souls , and spirit which may be combined with that of other beings .
The meaning of the opal is hope .
Sometimes it is good to listen more closely to music : by trying to hear the different instruments and what types of notes the instruments are playing .
Philosophy tries to answer important questions by coming up with answers about real things and asking `` why ? ''
It tells the electronics inside the computer , or `` hardware '' , how to work to get the results it needs .
When the English took over the colony in 1664 they changed the name to New York , to honor the Duke of York , who later became King James II of England .
They are called mixtures .
Cheese is usually made using milk .
In this example it can be seen that the -LRB- completely unrelated -RRB- fact that person A is uneducated and poor is used to prove that abortion should not be illegal .
The name for the sign '' + '' is `` plus '' .
Observations suggest that the universe has been governed by the same physical laws and constants throughout most of its extent and history .
Local popular sports include Australian rules football , horse racing , soccer and motor racing .
The other problem people have is that they have to do the same problem over and over and over again .
Following his death in 1976 , China underwent open market reforms under Deng Xiaoping , and experienced rapid economic growth .
The Treaty of Verdun -LRB- 843 -RRB- , divided Charlemagne 's Empire into three parts .
Gravity pulls both galaxies into somewhat new shapes , formng bars , rings or tail-like structures .
There are also small groups of Inuit from Greenland and Faroese .
The life stories of the emperors can be found in List of Roman emperors .
They were both honored for the discovery .
When people do not have enough food , we say that they are hungry .
Imitation would not be the focus of education .
Only a few elements were known .
Dyeing hair is to change the color of hair .
France is the number one tourist destination in the world .
These differences are called dialects .
These beliefs are often linked to `` supernatural '' beings such as god , a number of gods or spirits .
They know that 98 % of the DNA in humans is the same as other primates .
Kipling is buried in Westminster Abbey .
In terms of PPP -LRB- how much that money can buy in India compared to other countries -RRB- , the economy is fourth largest -LRB- worth $ 3.319 trillion U.S. -RRB- .
Some of the holidays celebrated in December are Christmas , New Year 's Eve , Kwanzaa , and Hanukkah .
It was wiped out by the Roman Catholic Church in the 13th century by a Crusade .
The distance from Tom 's house to Sally 's house can be found by adding the distances already measured .
The mode is the most frequent item of data .
An atom is the smallest thing that you can cut an element into without the element breaking down .
A mole is a very large amount of atoms -LRB- 602,200,000,000,000,000,000,000 atoms -RRB- .
The organs stop working .
In 1783 , Quebec gave the territory south of the Great Lakes to the new United States of America .
This was unjust because he saw the campfires and tents of unknown people .
The term is from a Latin word meaning `` without end '' .
And bias can happen if some people refuse to answer our questions , or if they know they are getting a fake treatment .
Other words with the same meanings are soul and ghost .
Real Madrid football fans celebrate at the Plaza de Cibeles .
New York City currently has a population of about 8 million people .
Spam is an example that any email user knows about â `` this word was originally a metaphor , from ` Spam ' , a type of canned meat .
China is now one of the largest economies in the world , relying mainly on exports .
The question of whether life exists elsewhere in the Universe remains open .
Other cities that have existed since ancient times are Athens in Greece , Rome and Volterra in Italy , Alexandria in Egypt and York in England .
These vibrations make air molecules move .
Some are parasites , and some have photosynthetic protists as symbionts .
Gravity holds galaxies together .
There is a fourth language group , the German speaking community of the Walloon Region , with an elected assembly and its own Minister President .
Most of the materials that are called plastic are polymers .
Around the city there were many villages .
But even worse , ... fathers and mothers refused to nurse and assist their own children . ''
It has roughly 45,000 people .
If the head is facing up it is called `` heads '' , if the other picture is facing up it is called `` tails '' .
In some countries it has the name of Saint Sylvester .
Andy Bechtolsheim first thought of the name .
Stacy Schiff , a writer , says that Wikipedia is not as good as other encyclopedias because anyone can change it , so some people may write things that are wrong .
Sea-going mammals , the Cetacea and the pinnipeds , are very successful and significant predators .
Another of these languages is called Volapuk , which was popular about a hundred years ago but is much less popular now .
The person who discovered imaginary numbers was Gerolamo Cardano in the 1500s .
In the US and the UK the word mile usually means the statute mile .
Furthermore , the Hebrew word for `` kill '' is '' '' ' '' - `` harog '' , while the Hebrew word for `` murder '' is '' -- '' - `` retzach '' , which is found in the Ten Commandments '' -- '' - `` lo tirtzach '' .
The other three are Mercury , Venus and Mars .
The `` scientific method '' is the name given to the methods used by scientists to find knowledge .
Many composers began writing music for bigger orchestras , with as many as 100 instruments .
In general , these put ecosystem health first on a list of human moral and political priorities , as the way to achieve better human health and social harmony , and better economics .
A good example is copyright which is supposed to pay authors and artists , but may only pay lawyers to make -LRB- imitative -RRB- arguments in court .
There are finds of this type that date back to the paleolithic .
Physics also studies small pieces of matter , such as atoms and electrons .
A small number of hobby thinkers have thought so much about philosophy that they are able to write articles for philosophy magazines .
It can also help someone whose English is weak to improve his or her English .
Some people have more hair , or hair that is easier to see , and some have less .
Other businesses can make a drink that is similar , like colas soft drinks , but they have to use a different name for their drink , such as Pepsi .
This was a very long and hard process and had to be done each time people wanted to work something out .
Thomas Mitchell went inland , and found more rivers .
The Earth and the other planets formed about 4.6 - 4.8 billion years ago .
Improvements to the Bohr model have been made since it was first introduced .
Most apples are good to eat raw -LRB- not cooked -RRB- , and are also used in many kinds of baked foods , such as apple pie .
About 82 million foreign tourists visit it every year .
The planets are the biggest objects that go around Sun .
Most of them are in the Bible : The Book of Exodus , Chapter 20 and the book of Deuteronomy , Chapter 5 .
Kyushu is the island west of Honshu .
2 .
It can not be used in strongly acidic solutions .
The flowers of these plants have a upper ovary formed by the fusion of two or more carpels .
Only other administrators can see the deleted revisions .
The roots carry food and water from the ground through the trunk and branches to the leaves of the tree .
In the United Kingdom , many different people say words in different ways .
August is named for Augustus Caesar .
In many religions , one of the main beliefs is that there is a `` deity '' -LRB- or god -RRB- who is a great creator spirit .
Many professional companies do as well .
South India at that time was famous for its very good science , art , and writing .
Understanding the properties of more complex algebraic structures can help us solve more complex equations .
Red is the color of some blood and the occasional tomato .
However , just because a group of states are all democratic does not mean that they follow the same rules .
Nouns are words for things , and since things can be possessed , nouns can also change to show possession in grammar .
It is from '' Î Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Î Ï '' , in a circle from '' Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï '' circle and '' Ï Î Î Î Î Î Î '' , meaning teaching .
Although it is a modern city , a lot of its history can be seen and felt as one walks along the streets and in the large squares of the town .
They decided to join together to form one new country , the Commonwealth of Australia .
Some societies had laws about slavery , or they had an economy that was built on it .
The philosophy of existentialism is that human life does not have a meaning -LRB- or a purpose -RRB- .
The different decorations on each side of a coin might be used to decide things randomly .
Because of machines like this , new ways of talking to these machines were invented , and new types of machines were invented , and eventually the computer that we all know and love today was born .
Milton Sirotta , nephew of U.S. mathematician Edward Kasner , made this word in 1938 , for the number 1 and one hundred 0 's .
Because people all over the world hear and read American English as well as other versions of English we may find that the English language starts to take on -LRB- acquire -RRB- new words .
Physicists are trying to find the Higgs field now using the Large Hadron Collider at CERN .
The Simple English Wikipedia is open content .
She lays all the eggs , which makes all the other bees in the hive her daughters and sons .
Its family is the family of rose like plants , and roses are in the family .
The first letter of a sentence is capitalized in many languages , as are the first letters of proper nouns such as names of people and places .
The Canadian cities of Kingston , Montreal , and Quebec City are on this river .
A `` desktop computer '' is a small machine that has a screen -LRB- which is not part of the computer -RRB- .
The number of protons in the atoms of an element is known as that element 's atomic number .
Many people claim to have seen or heard ghosts .
Chinese means from or about the country of China , especially a person from China or one of the languages of China .
They are also used or worn as a sign to other people that the person belongs to a particular religion .
It is also part of Fennoscandia .
The apple tree was possibly the earliest tree to be cultivated .
SUVs come from designs that were originally military or commercial , such as the Jeep and the Land Rover .
It was a superpower during the 18th , 19th and early 20th century and was considered since the early 1800 's to be the most powerful and influential nation in the world , in politics , economics -LRB- For it was the wealthiest country at the time . -RRB-
Its color varies , but often it is white or yellow .
This is a major question in monetary reform .
Nevertheless , observational programs in these fields uses many of the same tools and technology that are used in the experimental subfields of physics .
Water flows from Lake Superior and Lake Michigan into Lake Huron ; then through the Detroit River into Lake Erie ; then through Niagara Falls into Lake Ontario ; and then through the Saint Lawrence River to the Atlantic Ocean .
A note an octave higher than another note has twice the frequency of that note .
The island has a few hundred permanent inhabitants .
Are you ill ?
Some people keep fish as pets .
This means that ethics is just a person 's own morality .
Different types made from pork and beef mixtures as well as poultry can now be found .
However , Spain fought many wars and lost much of its treasure .
Many people do not have enough money to buy the food that they need .
Reading music involves being able to tell what the note is called and where to find it on the instrument , and being able imagine the sound , as well as learning about music theory -LRB- how music works : all about scales , intervals , ornaments , form , etc -RRB- .
The tree is often used to represent nature or the environment itself .
The India cricket team won the 1983 and 2011 Cricket World Cup and the 2007 ICC World Twenty20 .
Most of the western and southern Finland is seashore of the Baltic Sea .
Instead of circling just one atom , the electron now circles around two .
May 's flower is the Lily of the Valley .
However , NASA suggested for a future spacecraft to orbit and learn more about Neptune .
This is done by using certain other rules that everyone agrees are correct , which are called axioms .
The trademark owner can grant the other person a license .
The coast of Cuba has many bays and a few good harbors .
A proton is made of two up quarks and one down quark and a neutron is made of two down quarks and one up quark .
The meaning of the garnet is constancy .
While this may often be done privately , it is also often done with gatherings of people and rituals .
a is a usual symbol for a low central vowel , as in `` father '' ; the English long a -LRB- Ä -RRB- is pronounced as a diphthong of Ä and y. The corresponding letter of the Greek alphabet is named alpha .
A number of countries use a lunar calendar -LRB- based on the moon -RRB- .
This is quite common for instance among homeless people in U.S. cities .
The first mosques of this type were built during the Umayyad Dynasty .
October 's flower is the Calendula .
`` A state of emotional and psychological well-being in which an individual is able to use his or her thinking and emotional -LRB- feeling -RRB- abilities , function in society , and meet the ordinary demands of everyday life . ''
In school they offer software to learn the alphabet and other details .
Then we will label -LRB- write the name of -RRB- every position on the line by how far to the right of the zero point it is , for example the point one is one centimeter to the right , the point two is two centimeters to the right .
Special English is a simple form of the English language .
Some famous stories were written about this idea .
Most of them immigrated .
The mosque was built by Babur to mark the birth place of Ram .
Movement of material around the galactic center shows that it has a compact object of very large mass. .
In this way , theoretical physics often relies heavily on tools from mathematics .
Because a paradox forces us to think `` out of the box '' , about possibilities other than true or false in logic , right or wrong in morality , it is considered very important in education .
They are used to find answers to a number of problems .
In 1963 , a terrorist group that became known as the Front de LibÃ ration du QuÃ bec -LRB- FLQ -RRB- began doing bombings , robberies and attacks on government offices .
All the service trades in a place form a service economy .
Û Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ù -RRB- is a country located in South-central Asia .
In the late 13th century , Mongolians from China tried to invade Japan twice , but they could not .
The rings are slightly red in the ultraviolet and visible parts of the spectrum and gray in near-infrared .
There are also major celebrations that may be held only at certain times of the year , for example , on the birthday of a person who is honored in that religion .
The other person usually must pay some money to the trademark owner for the license .
In the past , cities got that name if they had a cathedral or a university .
The two major mainland territories are the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory -LRB- ACT -RRB- .
Cost of Living is the amount of money it costs just to live in a certain place .
Hobbes wrote that people living in groups often give up some of their rights in exchange for some protections from a government .
These are called verbals or verbal nouns , and include participles -LRB- which can also be adjectives -RRB- and infinitives .
It is of volcanic origin .
People in Brazil speak Portuguese and it is the only country in Latin America that speaks Portuguese ; most of the others speak Spanish .
June 's flower is the Rose .
Music is sound that has been organized by using rhythm , melody or harmony .
April begins on the same day of week as July in all years and also January in leap years .
The capital city of Cuba is Havana .
Mathematicians use the letter r for the length of a circle 's radius .
For some of these species , age estimates have been made on the basis of extrapolating current growth rates , but the results are usually little better than guesses or wild speculation .
This is an example of convergent evolution .
When an object changes speed , it gets faster or slower .
Not to be confused with principal .
A lie can not also be the truth .
This is an idiom meaning `` to use something simpler to get something more complex to make itself work better . ''
â or â Jesus Christ !
The first true paper money was used in China between 600 and 1455 , and paper money was also printed in Sweden between 1660 and 1664 .
Many groups from around the world protested against Cuba because of this , and demanded that Fidel Castro give up power .
The broadest word meaning of the Universe is found in De divisione naturae by the mediaeval philosopher Johannes Scotus Eriugena , who defined it as simply everything : everything that exists and everything that does not exist .
China also has some problems with news censorship and Internet being blocked by the government .
In order to control their large empire , the Romans developed important ideas about law and government .
The Plaza de Toros is visited by many tourists .
In Northern Italy , a movement called Resistenza started to fight against the German invaders .
Vaccines boost the acquired immune system by offering weak forms of infection that the body can fight off and remember how to do so - when a stronger infection arises the body thus fights it off readily .
Two additional rings were discovered in 1986 in images taken by the Voyager 2 , and two outer rings were found in 2003 â `` 2005 by the Hubble Space Telescope .
And in other traditions , the world was a giant sea-turtle floating in a giant ocean .
Metaphysics is sometimes split up into ontology -LRB- the philosophy of real life and living things -RRB- , the philosophy of mind and the philosophy of religion ; but these sub-branches are very close together .
With practice , the students can use algebra when faced with a problem that is too hard to solve any other way .
Scientists are studying the clouds to try and understand the storms on the planet .
There are no rules about vocabulary , tense or suffixes .
The aim was to help people from different cultures speak to each other .
Microsoft Windows and Mac OS are common operating systems .
The capital is Luanda .
The name of God is usually not allowed to be said in Judaism , but some Jews today call him YHWH -LRB- Yahweh -RRB- or Jehovah .
So there were 10,800 nautical miles from the North Pole to the South Pole .
-LRB- It is like writing Smith John , instead of John Smith . -RRB-
Sometimes the ghost is the spirit of a person who was killed by enemies or who died in a scary way .
The person who gives the service can get goods in return .
It is used in rhetoric .
Some fields of interest include Ancient Egypt -LRB- these specialists are called Egyptologists -RRB- , Ancient Greece , or the Vikings .
Free immigrants began arriving in the 1790s .
Most Danes speak English , too .
Australia has six states , two major mainland territories , and other minor territories .
The person 's spirit is on a journey through life that continues after death .
This is also the trend in the UK and EU generally .
`` What are the characteristics of this living thing ? ''
It is similar to modern France .
For example , a person might pay Nike ten percent -LRB- 10 % -RRB- of the cost of each pair of shoes it sells for the right to include the Swoosh .
Hatred of Jews is apparent in the Council of Laodicea -LRB- 4th Century AD -RRB- where Canon 37 â `` 38 states : `` It is not lawful to receive portions sent from the feasts of Jews or heretics , nor to feast together with them . ''
Translation is considered a kind of modification , so you may distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4 .
The Shabbat day starts Friday evening when the sun goes down , until Saturday night .
Sugar cane is the largest cash crop growin in Cuba , and it brings in most of the money .
In that case , the business tells the government of its country that it wants to use a certain name , word , phrase , symbol , logo , design or picture as a trademark for the products it sells .
The conditions were very poor .
An irrational number can not be fully written down in decimal form .
It can also be used in place of ground beef or pork . -RRB-
The hard drive is like a human 's memory , and keeps track of all the data stored on the computer .
The rings are made of an extremely dark material .
A bureaucrat can do a few more things than an administrator , but they should only use these while acting on consensus .
The UK holds a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , and is a member of the G8 , NATO , World Trade Organization and the Commonwealth of Nations .
The coastline of India is of about long .
In 1961 the Americans helped some of these Cubans to attack Cuba and remove Castro , but they failed .
Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw were born in Dublin .
In Niger , there is also much slavery .
The Periodic Table was invented and arranged by the Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev -LRB- 1834-1907 -RRB- .
In a colony , the animals work together in a special way and usually have a leader .
Field hockey -LRB- for women -RRB- rugby and golf are also favorites .
These ideas and questions from philosophy , and many more , have formed a large body of questions and knowledge that are written down in books .
A religion is a set of beliefs that is held by a group of people .
China has many traditional festivals , such as Spring Festival , Dragon Boat Festival , Mid-autumn Festival and so on .
Astronomers think they will find more dwarf planets soon .
Typically , the observable universe is taken to mean the universe observable from our vantage point in the Milky Way Galaxy .
Quebec has many natural resources that are used to create jobs .
The basic idea of what things are called `` crimes '' is that they are thought to be things that might cause a problem for another person .
January and February were put on the calendar after all the other months .
Helium does not usually react with anything else .
During Ramadan , Mulims must fast during the day .
Mosques want to interest these people for politics .
While some people might choose to `` hide '' a middle name for any number of reasons -LRB- i.e. , they consider the middle name they were given to be an `` embarrassment '' -RRB- , others have taken to celebrating their middle name -LRB- e.g. , `` Middle Name Pride Day '' -RRB- .
The largest city is Sydney .
Many islands in the Baltic Sea belong to Finland , too .
The oceans absorb or soak up carbon dioxide , a gas that adds to the greenhouse effect and global warming .
Where the elemnts are in the table tells us about their properties relative to the other elements .
Because of all the gas near the core , it gives off more heat than it gets from the sun .
The other two are Nintendo and Sony .
These regions are marked with an asterisk -LRB- \* -RRB- below .
CarÃ me was an expert pÃ cents tissier -LRB- pastry-maker -RRB- , and this is still a mark of French cooking .
Many places have a public library , where anybody can join if they live in the area .
For example , all atoms with 6 protons in their nuclei are of the chemical element carbon , and all atoms with 92 protons in their nuclei are of the element uranium .
In 1952 , Turing admitted having sex with a man .
Much of the Enlightenment happened in France .
Many incorrect proofs have been proposed , including those by Cayley , Kempe , and others .
Scientists use experiments and tests to figure out , for example , if something is metal or not .
Instead , they keep Saturday as the Sabbath as a memorial to God 's work of creation believing that none of the Ten Commandments can ever be destroyed .
Because it resists us .
In the same year , 1492 , they decided to send Christopher Columbus to explore the Atlantic Ocean .
If the boxes are made narrower and narrower , then there are more and more of them , and the area of all the boxes becomes very close to the area of the shape .
Requests for name changes should be made directly to the talk page of one of the listed bureaucrats , or on Changing username .
Google was started in early 1996 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin , two students at Stanford University , USA .
As an example , our Milky Way Galaxy is roughly 100,000 light years in diameter , and our nearest sister galaxy , the Andromeda Galaxy , is located roughly 2.5 million light years away .
By the late 1990s the Taliban had gained control over most of Afghanistan .
After the Romans , two waves of immigrants came to Britain .
There is a debate because the UK has parts of its Constitution codified -LRB- written -RRB- and uncodified -LRB- not written -RRB- .
Slavery in Mauritania was made illegal in August 2007 .
Individuals handling them should wash their hands in hot soapy water , because uncooked pork is unhealthy for humans .
The atomic mass of chlorine is about 35.45 .
PRC claims Taiwan as one of the many provinces .
These people are called slaves .
Because of this , some people think `` asteroids '' is not a good name , and think that the name `` planetoid '' -LRB- `` like a planet '' -RRB- would be a better name .
It is a day of rest and of Torah study .
Each transcendental number is also an irrational number .
In 1898 , the United States of America took over the government and made Hawaii into a territory .
Honest people disagree about complex topics .
Most of the people of Hawaii live there -LRB- 1.2 million of the state 's 1.7 million in the mid-1990s -RRB- .
This causes huge storms .
At this time the Christian church decided that Galileo was wrong .
It is often very helpful to know what is going to happen to help prepare for these future events .
Montreal has always played a very important part in the history and development of Canada , and continues to be a large Canadian industrial and commercial center , as well as a major sea port -LRB- via the Saint Lawrence River -RRB- .
In the north , many people speak Chhattisgarhi , Punjabi , Bengali , Gujarati , and Marathi , Oriya , and Bihari .
Also , not all countries use the same words to describe these groups .
Life insurances , including pensions and life annuities , provide payments depending on life or death of a particular person .
Cheese makers usually cook the milk in large pots and add salt and a substance from the stomach of young cows called rennet .
Old rivers are the most useful type of river for growing crops .
It has over 400 volcanoes , more than three times as many as Earth .
98.4 % of the DNA is the same between humans and chimpanzees .
Some philosophers look for the simplest way to answer a question and say that is probably the right answer .
Artworks often give important clues to historians about different ancient religions that are not well understood .
We can define a sound wave as a disturbance which travels through some medium .
It provides the basis for where the other parts go , and carries the nerves that connect them to each other and the CPU .
In principle , emperors had absolute control , and could do as they pleased .
Some call this kind of person a social parasite .
There are three regions , the Dutch-speaking Flemish Region , the French-speaking Walloon Region and the Brussels capital region .
The British people today are ruled by Parliament , not by monarchs .
The Plaza de la Villa was another famous market place .
Mandarin Chinese is the main spoken language .
He was a god of sky and thunder .
Liquids used for energy and nutrition are often called `` drinks '' .
Usually the Universe is thought to be everything that exists , has existed , and will exist .
One way to think about mental health is by looking at how well a person functions .
In particular , should the government use financial capital to make a profit ?
To pay a lot of money , more than is normal .
This is because we do not know what number they are until we are told .
The Taliban refused to hand over bin Laden to the United States .
All of the newly found planets are orbiting other stars : they are extrasolar planets .
The high speed motorway -LRB- freeway -RRB- network was mostly constructed in the 1960s and 1970s and links together major towns and cities .
This led to the first prediction of a comet 's return , Halley 's Comet .
Most formulae or methods used for calculating the value of Ï have desirable mathematical properties , but are difficult to understand without a background in trigonometry and calculus .
The River Shannon , which runs from north to south , is the longest river on the island .
By 312 AD the emperor Galerius allowed people freedom to follow Christianity , and the next year , a general , Constantine , became emperor and converted to Christianity .
Although there are sections only for women and children , the Grand Mosque in Mecca is desegregated .
There are a lot of shops along the Gran Via .
A Front-Cover Text may be at most 5 words , and a Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words .
The first president was Enrico De Nicola .
They can be found in animals , plants , fungi , bacteria , and also in the human body .
It has the sixth largest economy in the world .
The Universe also appears to have neither net momentum nor angular momentum .
Cuba spent this money on health , education and the army .
However , unlike the moon , it has a large iron core , which gives off a magnetic field about 1 % as strong as that of the Earth .
In many trees , the order of the branches makes exposure of the leaves to sunlight better .
Earth science may also be called geoscience .
They are often described as `` dirty snowballs '' .
5 .
Britain fought wars in Afghanistan from 1839 to 1842 and from 1878 to 1880 , winning some control over the country 's affairs .
All Wikipedias have a rule that when people write articles , they should use a Neutral Point of View -LRB- abbreviated NPOV -RRB- .
Nowadays , mosques can be found on every continent , except Antarctica .
The first French explorer to reach Quebec was Jacques Cartier .
These laws became known as the Code of Hammurabi .
Men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not show the shape of the body .
In many countries , helping to grow , make , move , or sell illegal drugs is a crime .
A lot of Montrealers are interested in hockey , and Montreal has its own ice hockey team called the Montreal Canadiens .
Frequency seems to decrease when someone moves away from a sound source .
The absence of net charge and momentum would follow if the universe were finite .
Han is the largest ethnic group in China -LRB- 92 % of the population -RRB- .
Some ancient Greeks thought that the Universe has infinite space and has existed forever .
They are called the atom 's electron cloud .
Historians study the passage of time and the events that happen within that passage .
For example , an HTTP server runs a web site .
In another counting example , Sally and Bill have 2 children .
In Europe there are different climates in different places ; for example , in the north like Finland it stays snowy in the winter for 5-6 months and is about -30 degrees Celsius .
For example , social scientists used statistics to find out that 49 % of people in the world are males .
Babri Mosque was the center of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
A metre -LRB- US spelling , meter -RRB- is the basic unit of length in the SI measurement system .
The name means The Meadows in the Spanish language .
They were afraid of the English Navy so they traded the town to England for the colony of Surinam in South America , which they thought was worth more money .
As Neptune was the Roman god of the sea , the planet 's moons were named after lesser sea gods or goddesses .
It is one of the four terrestrial planets in our Solar System .
The Rajya Sabha has 250 members , and the Lok Sabha has 545 members .
Most of the clouds on Jupiter are made of ammonia .
The people of the town who were mostly Catholic , said that rather than turn over their friends and kin , `` we would rather be flayed alive . ''
The center of a circle is the point in the very middle .
According to Greek mythology , she then pushes the baby away and a stream of her milk sprays the night sky , making a faint band of light known as the Milky Way .
Mosques in South and Southeast Asia put men and women in separate rooms , as the divisions were built into them centuries ago .
This is the circumference of a circle divided by its diameter .
A list of these instructions is called a program and stored on the computer 's hard disk .
According to the general idea of relativity , some regions of space may never interact with ours even in the lifetime of the Universe , due to the finite speed of light and the ongoing expansion of space .
Because this definition is not exact , it could be said that :
There is another type of computer , called an embedded computer .
There were similar attacks in the United Kingdom after the 7 July 2005 London bombings .
Today , people can pay a fee to access the Internet from Internet Service Providers .
Beijing is well known for its ancient history .
-LRB- palaeontology -RRB- .
By 1822 , many towns had been set up and people from the towns often visited Sydney for additional economic resources .
Ink is used in pens , in some computer printers , and in printing presses .
Displacement is the difference between a starting point and a finishing point .
The Bimah is either in the middle of the hall , or in front of the Ark.
At the end of the sixteenth century -LRB- the 1500s -RRB- , the traveling actors began to perform in fixed theater buildings .
Export of food to the neighbouring countries is one of the most important sources of income for the country .
Proteins are large molecules built from small units known as amino acids .
With the invention of the telescope , our universe got bigger .
There are many different forms of recreation which are shaped by individual interests and by environment ; a few examples being reading , playing or listening to music , watching movies or TV , gardening , hunting , hobbies , sports , studies , and travel .
It can be divided into three parts : the Pampas in the central part of the country , Patagonia in the southern part down to Tierra del Fuego ; and the Andes mountain range along the western border with Chile , with the highest point located in the province of Mendoza .
For example , one might study the beginning of human life in Africa , or one might study World War II .
The water in a river is called `` fresh water '' .
Rough and ruff ; meet and meat ; great and grate .
However , most dancing does follow some general style or pattern .
More than 70 nations are involved and over a billion US dollars will be spent on it .
Bonds can also be broken apart .
Mathematicians use the letter d for the length of this line .
Many people have bought SUVs , but now many people do not like them anymore , because SUVs are bad for the environment and dangerous to other drivers .
Other things can be said to have `` skins '' .
In the solar system , the orbits of comets go further than Pluto .
Other asteroids , like Juno , Pallas , and Vesta were found later .
Most of the theories in physics use mathematics to express their principles .
Northern Italy is separated from France , Switzerland , and Austria by the Alps , a chain of mountains .
This flute was found next to the Venus of Hohle Fels and a short distance from the oldest known human carving .
When things are found , or even when nothing is found , the results of the fieldwork are taken back to the place where the archaeologist 's base , perhaps a university or museum .
This is why 1700 , 1800 , and 1900 are not leap years , but 2000 was .
The official language of Italy is Italian and in some areas German or French .
A way to wish someone good luck .
However , PRC does not have control of Taiwan which has an entirely different political system and officially known as the Republic of China -LRB- Taiwan -RRB- .
But , although print stabilised spelling , pronunciation continued to change .
Lower keys have lower frequencies .
They wanted Hosni Mubarak to leave office .
Jesus Christ -LRB- also called the `` Prince of Peace '' in the Book of Isaiah -RRB- said : `` Peace I leave with you ; my peace I give you .
Supportive care can be fluids and blood given in people 's veins .
In Hawaiian legend , he raised all the islands from the sea .
But most cases are simple :
These people thought that the commandments in Exodus 20 and Deuteronomy 5 show a later set of Ten Commandments , and that the ten listed in Exodus 34 were the original Ten Commandments , now known as the Ritual Decalogue -LRB- as opposed to the better-known `` Ethical Decalogue '' -RRB- .
Computer science is the science of how to treat information .
The two styles of dance may be joined together .
He proposed the name Janus .
The fleas also carried it .
You accept the license if you copy , modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission under copyright law .
The name Argentina comes from the Latin argentum -LRB- silver -RRB- as the Spanish conquistadors believed the area had silver .
These circled the Earth .
The study and the generalization of this problem by Tait , Heawood , Ramsey and Hadwiger led to the study of the colorings of the graphs embedded on surfaces with arbitrary genus .
According to them it is a part of South Tibet , which belongs to China .
Some people see coins as a sign as greed , such as some Communists and Puritans , who sometimes condemn over-hoarding of coins , and ascetics , who often keep little in the ways of money -LRB- coins -RRB- , leading a `` poor '' - lifestyle .
The rules for doing arithmetic with dimensions in mathematics might be different than usual arithmetic rules .
They also do other things than searching .
This is called peer review .
So , a 1 W\/m2 intensity is 120 dB .
The friction caused by the gravity of Europa and Ganymede pulling on Io makes it the most volcanic object in the Solar System .
By 1756 , France and Britain were at war .
Mathematics includes the study of number , or quantity .
France retains strong political and economic influence in its former African colonies .
; Shit Feces ; also a verb , meaning to defecate .
People have been interested in head hair for hundreds of thousands of years .
It can have any of these meanings :
Unlike Sark , bicycles are banned too .
The base ten number system is also called the decimal number system .
There was a strong central absolute monarchy that did not exist in the South of France .
Subway transportation is provided by the New York City Subway system , one of the biggest in the world .
For convenience , this section has been divided by where these astronomical bodies may be found : those found around stars are solar bodies , those inside galaxies are galactic bodies and everything else larger are cosmic bodies .
The symbol for litre is L or l.
Kabul , the capital and largest city , had roughly 2,850,000 inhabitants in 2008 .
When someone wants a regime to change in another country , they usually are not able to do this by any means other than violence or interfering in its election .
Many famous composers were Austrians or born in Austria .
These lightning bolts have been measured as up 1,000 times as powerful as those on Earth .
It can only be used on things made by the business that owns the trademark .
French was divided into several dialects at the time .
There are also some encyclopedias that have lots of topics with one point of view or one cultural bias .
Instead , they traded one thing for another to get what they wanted or needed .
They have an opening at one end .
Later , Celtic tribes arrived from mainland Europe , followed by the Julius Caesar and the Romans around 32AD .
They did not try to make a strong army , but a lot of money .
Its birthstone is the opal .
Spain became very rich because it conquered many overseas countries , especially in Central and South America .
Many churches have windows made of colored glass .
There is now a democratic government .
-LRB- ecology -RRB- .
Animals often have feet , and there are a lot of different sorts of foot .
This often led to civil war .
In the 1670s and 1680s , Sir Isaac Newton in England and Gottfried Leibniz in Germany figured out calculus at the same time , working separately from each other .
Sign language for people who can not hear .
The number of dialects in India is as high as 1,652 .
The exact distance from the Sun to the galactic center is debated .
Today chemists have discovered 118 different elements .
The Inuit fish and hunt whales and seals for fur and food , and they sometimes warred with each other .
Some people say that this means trying to get what the person wants , while others say it means even wanting it .
There have been a number of false alarms of life elsewhere in the Universe , but none of these apparent discoveries have so far been confirmed .
Towards the end of the 19th Century , architects began to use the newer , cheaper materials like metal girders and reinforced concrete to build .
Cuba has a warm climate , but has many hurricanes every year .
There are countries in the world who execute criminals , and others who do not .
Soccer , also called football is popular too .
In 1995 , the people of Quebec voted on the question , and chose to stay in Canada by a one percent margin .
Cartography is part of geography .
Internet slang uses many acronyms because they are quicker and easier to type .
In British English , `` dock '' refers to the water in the space between two `` piers '' or `` wharfs '' .
Salt mining began near Hallstatt .
The English word `` slave '' comes from the medieval word for Slavic people of Central and Eastern Europe , because these were the last ethnic group to be captured and enslaved in Central Europe .
English has special names for some of the numbers in the decimal number system that are ` powers of ten ' .
Scientists try to explain why things act the way they do , and are the way they are .
In 1774 , the British Parliament passed the Quebec Act giving recognition to French law , Catholic religion and French language in the colony .
The state motto is Ua mau ke ea o ka aina i ka pono .
In the United Kingdom and Ireland , if someones has a television set , they must buy a `` television licence '' every year .
Alfred Nobel created an annual award , the Nobel Peace Prize , for the person who had done the most to bring peace to the world .
The Egyptian Parliament sits in Cairo and makes laws for the whole country .
Resources include money , time , and things -LRB- like shoes , clothes , toys , etc. -RRB- .
They are five petaled , and 2.5 t in diameter .
It is the smallest planet in the Solar System , with a radius of 2,439.7 km .
In 1561 Felipe I moved the royal court from Toledo to Madrid .
Others recognize that even apes , other primates , other mammals and some birds adapt to survive by being creative -LRB- for example - primates using tools -RRB- .
A madrassa focuses on teaching Islam , usually to children and young people .
The its constitution lists the name of the country in each of the languages . .
The Franks were the first tribe of Europe after the fall of the Roman Empire to convert to Christianity rather than Arianism .
The ghost stays on the Earth trying to fix the problem .
Most Christians believe this to be a sign of their religious devotion to God and an act of worship .
Any substance that could be broken down was a compound .
There is no Nobel prize in mathematics .
Philosophers can talk about God or god ; sometimes they talk about a specific god , but other times they are just talking about the idea of god .
Even very traditional doctrines such as the belief that Jesus Christ is God , or that God consists of the Father , Son , and Spirit , are not common to people who claim Christianity as their religion .
Everything that lives on Earth is on top of the crust .
It is said that Alexander the Great discovered dwarfed apples in Asia Minor in 300 BCE .
There are different kinds of Bubonic plague .
Northern Ireland and Wales have their own devolved Assemblies which have some powers but less than the Scottish parliament .
The Magna Carta of England , written in 1215 , was an early type of constitution .
In English , we usually add an apostrophe and an s to nouns to make them possessive , or sometimes just an apostrophe when there is already an s at the end , like this :
Though there are many different viewpoints on the issue , most Protestants believe all Christians are part of the spiritual church of Christ , whether or not those Christians go to an actual church each week .
Early Homo sapiens put tools and other things into graves with the bodies , as if they could use them in the afterlife .
It is the largest city in the province of Quebec and the second-largest city in Canada .
There are over 50 countries in Europe .
Therefore , the word ` state ' only tells us what type of government that state follows -LRB- democratic or dictatorship -RRB- and does not tell us about the country itself .
In the 20th century , many countries that grew rich from oil paid for the building of many new mosques .
For example , polynomials and matrices .
Some have interpreted Exodus 22:16 to mean that if two unmarried people have sex , they should make a commitment to one another .
The most popular way to use a computer keyboard is to type Chinese is called Pinyin .
In the United States , the governing law for trademarks is the Lanham Act , in Germany the Markengesetz .
To be scared .
In 1651 , Thomas Hobbes wrote Leviathan , a book about politics .
The majority of the Argentineans are descendants of Europeans mainly from Spain , Italy , Germany , Ireland , France , other Europeans countries and Mestizo representing more than 90 % of the total population of the country .
The East River forms the border between Manhattan on one side , and Brooklyn and Queens on the other side .
Because of Castro , many times soldiers have been sent to other countries to help fight with communist rebels .
Since Quebec is a mainly French-speaking province , most of people there feel that it is very different from the rest of Canada , and a select few are proud of this difference and want to keep it that way .
People buy most of their food in stores , shops , or markets .
In Judaism they are called synagogues .
Originally thought to be a large cloud or cyclonic storm system , it was later guessed just to be a hole in the visible cloud deck .
Nuclear reactions among the nuclei led to the present abundances of the lighter nuclei , particularly hydrogen , deuterium , and helium .
On April 25 , 1945 , Italy became free .
The Communist Party is still not willing to admit the fault and a lot of criminal actions associated with the Cultural Revolution .
Many 20th century composers wanted to compose music that sounded different from the Classical and Romantic music .
Hydrochloric acid releases H + and Cl - ions in water .
: Your pen is like my pen = Your pen and my pen are the same sort .
Usually , a helium nucleus also contains two neutrons .
Note that only administrators can become bureaucrats , checkusers or oversighters .
Other equipment can also be used depending on the experience and skill of the tree climber .
However , even these four forces -LRB- gravity , electromagnetism , the weak force associated with radioactivity , and the strong force which holds atoms together -RRB- are believed to be different parts of a single force .
The smallest moon -LRB- S\/2003 J 12 -RRB- is only 1 kilometre across .
It does not guarantee any kind of help or access to knowledge other than that .
There are 14 districts in Nauru :
Radioactivity was also discovered .
Language is a word that may be used by extension : 1 .
Because of this , we say that embedded computers can not be programmed , because you can not install programs like Tetris on your clock .
The capacity to learn and use language is inherited .
The term `` common sense '' is used to mean either wisdom or very stupid ideas shared by many `` common '' people .
The animal that is alive now that is closest to humans is the chimpanzee .
But when they conquered that empire , they killed millions of the Native Americans who had lived there before .
It is the traditions that are about death that give the earliest evidence of religious beliefs .
Correct determination is only possible for trees which make growth rings , generally those which occur in seasonal climates ; trees in uniform non-seasonal tropical climates are always growing and do not have distinct growth rings .
It has no color or smell .
The other main party is the Liberal Party
If the constitution is uncodified , then sources for the agreement are still accessible , they are just written in different various political books or tradition , instead of written all in one place like a codified Constitution .
Association football is also a popular sport in northeast India , West Bengal , Goa and Kerala .
Also , some suffixes are used , such as - age and - ness .
It lasted for more than 60 years .
Northern Italy has some of the biggest lakes in the country , such as Lake Garda , Lake Como , Lake Maggiore and Lake Iseo .
Statistics is a collection , analysis , interpretation or explanation of data .
The combined work need only contain one copy of this License , and multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single copy .
Under their rule Afghanistan enjoyed peace and prosperity .
In Mauritania , it is thought that up to 600,000 men , women and children , or 20 % of the population , are slaves , and that many of them are used as bonded labor .
It can also mean very poor\/of bad quality -LRB- `` this music is shit '' -RRB- .
A number is a concept from mathematics , used to count or measure .
It also contains small amounts of methane which makes the planet appear blue .
The north-eastern parts of the Persian empire were locally recognized as KhorÄ sÄ n , being literally the â Land of the Sunâ , which was a prosperous and important province of Persia , as it was the seat of many rulers .
The assumption of a uniform dust makes it easy to solve Einstein 's field equations and predict the past and future of the universe on cosmological time scales .
The capital used to be Valladolid until 1560 .
The older volcano , Mauna Kahalawai , is much older and has been very worn down .
It was first acted for an audience in Avignon , France in 1976 .
Some of these are Rama , Krishna , Buddha , Shiva , Kali , Parvati , and Durga .
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen .
Soon the settlers wanted local government and more democracy .
Geometry starts with a few simple ideas that are thought to be true , called axioms .
This discovery eventually led to the creation of the atomic bomb .
The Jews , followed by Christian Protestants , end the first commandment with `` You are to have no other gods but me . ''
However , parties who have received copies , or rights , from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance .
The names for these moons are chosen from characters from the works of Shakespeare and Alexander Pope .
Some also have spats or gaiters to keep water out .
Newtown Creek is part of the border between Brooklyn and Queens .
The biggest part -LRB- 91 % -RRB- of Denmark 's population of just under 5.5 million is of Danish descent .
Finding a collection of points inside the circle allows the circle 's area A to be approximated .
This is known as barter .
When people do not have a certain resource they need , they can either replace it with another resource , or trade with another country to get the resource .
Christians consider the Holy Bible to be a sacred book , inspired by God .
That is , many of the observations in physics may be represented in the form of numerical measurements .
In the United States , Muslims are often immigrants , or the children of immigrants .
Chemical symbols are used all over the world .
Good dictionaries will also give more information about the word .
Macroeconomics is about the economy in general .
The median is the middle item of the data .
The name `` hydrogen '' comes from the Greek word for water , ' Ï
The opening of this new window on the Universe saw the discovery of entirely new things , for example pulsars , which sent regular pulses of radio waves out into space .
Lengths , pronunciations , spelling , etc.
CuCl2 is its chemical formula .
The government makes these laws so that society will be safe and well-ordered .
One style is the couple dance , where -LRB- usually -RRB- a man and a woman dance together .
There are three types of plate boundary : constructive , destructive and transform .
Egypt is a country in northeast Africa .
In 1986 , NASA 's Voyager 2 visited Uranus .
A librarian is a person who works in a library .
They demand and supply goods from abroad .
And a weak or obvious form which says if we were not here asking , it would not matter .
Usually , it is a day of rest .
A `` Transparent '' copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy , represented in a format whose specification is available to the general public , that is suitable for revising the document straightforwardly with generic text editors or -LRB- for images composed of pixels -RRB- generic paint programs or -LRB- for drawings -RRB- some widely available drawing editor , and that is suitable for input to text formatters or for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input to text formatters .
People who want to read the book have to pay the author to get copies of it .
If you think the view of a topic is not neutral , you may raise a NPOV dispute .
R. I. Moore is a historian who believes that it was desire to crush this system and take over the land that drove the attack .
In cultures where people always wear shoes , people sometimes think it is bad not to wear them .
In the Pliocene period some moved out onto the savannahs as grassland began to replace forests .
In the air , the bats -LRB- Chiroptera -RRB- are the mammalian order with the most species .
For example , people consider the bottom of the foot a person 's lowest end , and the top of the head a person 's highest end .
String theory has led to many new ideas in the mathematics of folding , knots and Calabi-Yau spaces .
Its name was later changed to honor the man who discovered it .
A circle is a round two-dimensional shape , such as the letter o.
People and animals need fresh water to drink , so they often live by the side of a river .
This is therefore an explicit rejection of the commandment to keep the seventh day holy .
The stigmas of these flowers are feathery and hang outside the flower to catch the pollen as it falls .
It is often used as a meaningless intensifier , especially in the adverb form -LRB- `` too fucking expensive '' -RRB- , -LRB- `` What the fuck ? '' -RRB- .
Slap stick comedy was used a lot in silent -LRB- no sound -RRB- movies from the 1920s .
Following the fall of the Soviet Union , in 1992 , mosques in Afghanistan received money from Saudi citizens .
Multiplicand Ã -- multiplicator = product .
For example , muscles contain a lot of proteins .
Seville is the home town of two soccer teams , Sevilla FC -LRB- often called simply `` El Sevilla '' -RRB- and Real Betis BalompiÃ -LRB- often called `` El Betis '' -RRB- .
The ways in which it is done have changed .
As a result , 59 nuclear power plants generate most of the electricity produced in the country -LRB- 78 % in 2006 , up from only 8 % in 1973 , 24 % in 1980 , and 75 % in 1990 -RRB- .
Everything2 does not require a neutral point of view like Wikipedia does .
Maui is part of Maui County , Hawaii .
The name decalogue first occurs in the Septuagint .
In nearly two-thirds of American mosques , women pray behind partitions or in separate areas , not in the main prayer hall ; some mosques do not admit women at all .
Finally , a major reason why they are popular is that they have a rugged , powerful image .
Winter , spring , fall , and summer would all be freezing cold because it is always freezing on Mars .
It is derived from Cin , a Persian name for China popularized in Europe by Marco Polo .
Martin Luther -LRB- German , 1534 -RRB- also uses tÃ ten -LRB- kill -RRB- .
It sells phosphate -LRB- a chemical -RRB- to Australia .
Street dance is like that .
Science makes models of nature , models of our universe , and medicine .
In similar profusions of detail , art , music , architecture , and literature inspired each other in the Baroque cultural movement -LRB- citation needed -RRB- as artists explored what they could create from repeated and varied patterns .
Dragon Boat Festival is celebrated to commemorate the death of Qu Yuan , a patriotic poet of the State of Chu during the Warring States period .
The pint is the same as of a gallon .
Much biology supports this view .
The Reformation which created Protestant sects in Europe was not allowed into Spain , it was kept out and , as with Jews or Muslims , its believers were killed .
It has grown from this to become one of the most important parts of mathematics .
In the north and the west of France , there are low hills and river valleys .
After that , there are antibodies that protect against all forms for a long time .
There are many kinds of dance , and every human society has its dances .
The only geographical place with more different languages and cultures is the African continent .
You may combine the Document with other documents released under this License , under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified versions , provided that you include in the combination all of the Invariant Sections of all of the original documents , unmodified , and list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined work in its license notice , and that you preserve all their Warranty Disclaimers .
A person whose job it is to cook food may be called a cook or a chef .
In the late 1800s , artists in Europe , responding to Modernity created many new painting styles such as Classicism , Romanticism , Realism , and Impressionism .
In most religions , a god is believed to be immortal -LRB- can not die -RRB- , and to have powers to control nature far beyond the powers of humans .
The most important Finnish industrial products are paper , steel products such as machines , and electronics .
It is an operating system , which means that it is the basic software that makes people 's computers work and lets other programs work .
Here are some common fish shapes .
Perhaps the name should mean `` general teaching '' .
Finsbury Park Mosque in London is a mosque that has been used in this manner .
She also wrote the original words of the song called Aloha Oe .
These elements are called semimetals -LRB- or metalloids -RRB- .
Some people think that without their bodies , spirits can still exist on the Earth and in places like Heaven or Hell .
A disadvantage of many kinds of ink is that they may smudge when wet , spoiling the picture or writing .
Because no one has been able to detect gravitational waves directly , the impact of Gravitational Wave Astronomy has been very limited .
A real or complex number is called Transcendental number if it can not be obtained as a result of an algebraic equation with integer coefficients .
Sometimes the Outer solar system is taken to mean and the Gas Giant Planets , the Kuiper Belt , and the Scattered Disk .
At the end , he demonstrated his claim by placing a a straight stick or a taut thread next to the light beam .
A number of projects to develop computers based on the stored-program architecture started around this time .
In 1989 , the Chinese government used tanks to stop a protest , killing thousands of people in Beijing 's Tianamen Square .
The many examples in the Old Testament of killing sanctioned by God , are quoted in defense of the view that `` murder '' is more accurate .
Zoroaster , the founder of the Zoroastrian religion , the world 's earliest monotheistic religion , lived in the area -LRB- somewhere north of today 's Afghanistan -RRB- , around 1000 B.C.
Elements can join -LRB- react -RRB- to form pure compounds -LRB- such as water , salts , oxides , and organic compounds -RRB- .
A forest of great age is called old growth forest or ancient woodland -LRB- in the UK -RRB- .
The New Persian literature arose and flourished in Khorasan .
It has to be held at the right distance between the eye and the object .
In the end the Inquisition did wipe out most of the Cathars though it took well over a hundred years to get all of them .
To find the median we sort the data from the smallest number to the largest number and then choose the number in the middle .
The middle of the continent is mostly desert .
A government is a group of people that has the power to rule in a territory , according to the law .
If there is a strong tide where the river meets the sea , the river forms an estuary .
In 1850 in the United States , a slave could have been US$ 1,000 â '' about $ 25,800 today .
Egypt is divided into 29 areas , called Governorates of Egypt .
For example any atom with 2 protons should be a helium atom .
However , most of the music that was written down was for the Catholic church .
A person with a brown allele will have brown hair ; a person with no brown alleles will be blond .
One -LRB- 1 -RRB- is a natural number after zero and before two .
To many such problems , exact solutions do exist .
Most religions believe that what a person does during their lifetime will affect what happens to their spirit in the afterlife .
The lengths of the notes -LRB- how long they are played for -RRB- are shown by making the note-heads black or white , and by giving them stems and flags .
As a result , fields in astronomy are a constantly changing .
In addition to the overall expansion of the universe , galaxies move relative to other galaxies .
Middle names
Blues music was a music that was played by singing , using the harmonica , or the acoustic guitar .
Someone who makes music is called a musician .
Physics uses the scientific method .
Hot air rises .
They also want to keep them informed about issues that concern the Muslim community .
However , when he developed his theory Soddy could not be certain neutrons actually existed .
Niihau is the only one of the Hawaiian islands where the Hawaiian language is the main language .
across the country the accent is different for instance in Liverpool one speaks with a `` scouse '' accent or in London one speaks with a `` cockney '' accent .
This process requires extreme amounts of energy in order to overcome the electrostatic repulsion between the protons , as they have the same charge .
The types of asteroids include Type M , Type S , and Type C.
In total , there are twenty-eight states , and seven union territories .
In spite of all of this , Cuban people still love their country because it is their home .
The most famous ones are the Prado Museum , the Queen Sofia Museum , and the Thyssen-Bornemisza museum .
Lawyers give people advice about their legal rights and duties and represent people in court .
It was the period of `` Nationalism '' -LRB- the feeling of being proud of one 's country -RRB- when many composers made music using folksong or melodies from their country .
Unlike other gas giants , Neptune 's atmosphere shows the presence of high clouds making shadows on a thick cloud deck below .
A historian is someone who studies history .
India has seven neighbors , Pakistan in the north-west , China and Nepal in the north , Bhutan and Bangladesh in the North-east India region of the country and Myanmar in the east and Sri Lanka in the south .
Some groups of people never met each other .
He liked his court to be in Seville .
Some Christians do not believe in the Trinity .
This is common if a regime is threatened by another regime .
However , these seasons are quite different from the seasons on Earth .
These stars are formed in the vast interstellar clouds that account for about 1 % to 10 % of the mass of these galaxies .
Conclusions sometimes include : `` God does not exist '' -LRB- strong atheism -RRB- ; `` God almost certainly does not exist '' -LRB- de facto atheism -RRB- ; `` no one knows whether God exists '' -LRB- agnosticism -RRB- ; `` God exists , but this can not be proven or disproven '' -LRB- deism or theism -RRB- ; and `` God exists and this can be proven '' -LRB- theism -RRB- .
This extra day is called a leap day .
They also use tires that are better for off road than for driving on the street .
Looking at all animals , only humans use language , though many other animals communicate in different ways .
Before this , the Italian lira had been used , from 1861 .
In 1860 , Giuseppe Garibaldi took control of Sicily , creating the Kingdom of Italy in 1861 .
The Earth is also called the Blue Planet , ` Planet Earth ' , and ` Terra ' .
During the Reformation of Christianity most Finnish people became protestants .
They invaded Normandy and began the Battle of Normandy .
Then Malcolm Fraser won a few elections for the Liberal Party .
This animation illustrates a closed Friedmann universe with zero cosmological constant Î ; such a universe oscillates between a Big Bang and a Big Crunch .
The person who makes the candy fall out is appointed queen of cats and the person who hits the last stick is appointed king of cats .
Shikoku is the island to the south-west of Honshu .
The Earth 's atmosphere is made of about 78 % nitrogen , 21 % oxygen and small amounts of other gases .
At the heart of the network are five long distance main lines which radiate from London to the major cities and secondary population centres with dense commuter networks within the regions .
As a group they are called the Eastern religions .
Most Cubans who left went to America .
Sometimes this worked ; sometimes it did not .
Those kind of people are called `` hunter-gatherers '' .
Most people live in areas around the coast of the Mediterranean Sea and along the Nile River .
Notes are put on the lines and in the spaces between the lines .
When there are too many of these kinds of people , especially when they are politicians , people begin to mistrust their government .
They probably started to sing or shout in celebration .
It contains over 200 billion stars , including our Earth and Sun .
Ï can be measured by drawing a large circle , then measuring its diameter -LRB- d -RRB- and circumference -LRB- c -RRB- , since the circumference of a circle is always Ï times its diameter .
Bureaucrats can also help users who want to change their username .
A regime is the leader and other people who run a government of a sovereign state .
Sports , for example football -LRB- soccer -RRB- and basketball , often have time limits .
In a book , for example , it is easy to include one extra page with the license , but if the work is something like a song , or a photograph , it is not easy .
Thus , although the energy density of the universe is now dominated by matter , it was once dominated by radiation ; poetically speaking , all was light .
The table below shows those differences .
Either way , the matter will be closed when the time horizon is reached .
The intense radio source named Sagittarius A \* , thought to mark the center of the Milky Way , is now confirmed to be a supermassive black hole .
By 1853 the goldrushes had made some poor people , very rich .
The Ulysses probe was sent to study the Sun .
Today in most countries , laws are written and voted on by groups of elected politicians in a legislature , such as a parliament or congress .
A temple is a building where people go to practice their religion .
Having several programs in memory that can be run at any time makes some new problems .
A valid seventh sense is the immune system 's ability to detect invading virus and bacteria .
One well known irrational number is pi .
Ebola also causes stiffness throughout the body which leaves victims bedridden .
The potato is not very good to eat unless it is cooked .
Because it must keep even the poorest and weakest members of a society willing to help even the richest and strongest , a society is very concerned with its citizenship , rights , ethics and time limits .
It is also considered as rude to walk in front of Muslims in prayer or otherwise disturb them .
4 .
Similarly , India does not recognize the Pakistani and Chinese parts of Kashmir .
It will make water , carbon dioxide , and sodium carbonate .
In a 1995 BBC opinion poll , it was voted Britain 's favorite poem .
Several biotopes are defined largely by the trees that inhabit them ; examples are rainforest and taiga -LRB- see ecozones -RRB- .
The highest peak in the country is Mount Nowshak in the northeast , which rises 24,557 feet -LRB- 7,485 meters -RRB- .
This is the financial reflection of the comprehensive outcome - noting the gains and losses to all parties involved , not just those investing or purchasing .
The Internet is the thing that lets people communicate between their computers .
But other Australians did not like this and said that Australia should keep its European character .
Later , Schoenberg invented a new system for writing music called twelve-tone system .
; Nigger An offensive word for black people .
Meanwhile , in other parts of Europe , peasants were forced to give up their land to nobles and become serfs or slaves - the system of feudalism .
The children 's fantasy Harry Potter series is written by J.K. Rowling .
By that statement of how words are used , grapes or tomatoes are true berries .
Basque whalers and fishermen traded furs with Aboriginal people throughout the 1500s .
The distance between Uranus and Neptune is 1.6 billion km .
There are many different Chinese dialects -LRB- way of speaking -RRB- but they all write using the same characters .
They can achieve power in many ways .
Poets use April to mean the end of winter .
In the early days of the colony , a great number of explorers went out , searching for good land to settle on .
No new moons were discovered for more than two hundred years .
Morissette has had many albums .
They also have a prayer hall and an enclosed courtyard .
Name origins
It has a long history of being used in politics , to mean almost anything .
Herman Hollerith figured out how to make a machine that would automatically add up information that the Census bureau collected .
Apple orchards are not as common as they were in the early 1900s , when apples were rarely brought in from other countries .
After the Arab invasion of Persia , the new style , with its Sassanid influence , was used for the new Islamic world .
In the United Kingdom , many mosques are used as community centres .
By the 1780s the gaols -LRB- jails -RRB- of England were so full that convicts were often chained up in rotting old ships .
The provinces are divided into 589 communes .
Here are some ways :
Other famous sites include Angkor Wat , Machu Picchu , and Great Zimbabwe .
Instant messaging -LRB- such as AIM or ICQ -RRB- is similar to email , but allows two or more people to chat to each other much faster .
The study of algebra is heavily concerned with the subject of graphing functions , as graphs can be powerful tools in helping us to study the solutions to equations .
It has to do with chance , the study of things that might happen or might not happen .
-LRB- comparative anatomy -RRB- ; `` How do the parts work ? ''
Walls of buildings are usually at right angles to the floor .
It was the tenth month of the year before January and February were added to the Roman calendar .
To choose the wrong course of action .
Other dances need a whole group of people together to make it work .
A similar definition of the term Universe is everything that exists at a single moment of time , such as the present or the beginning of time , as in the sentence `` The Universe was of size 0 '' .
Mercury looks a lot like our Moon : it has many craters with areas of smooth plains , no moons around it and no atmosphere .
The largest cities on Taiwan are the capital of Taipei and Kaohsiung .
In 1933 , In the Wake of the Bounty , directed by Charles Chauvel , had Errol Flynn as the main actor .
As the points moved closer together towards the point they were interested in , the slope approached a particular value as the tangents approached the real slope of the curve .
Predictions are given by science or fortune tellers or horoscopes .
The Milky Way has a diameter of 100,000 light years .
However , it is more than just yield , but also the natural processes that increase biodiversity and conserve habitat which result in the total value of these services .
In this view , the art is the property of the artist .
In fact , 99 % of a tree 's mass comes from the air .
They help to make tissue and cells .
So the choice is up to you if you agree with it .
But with more recent discoveries of objects in the Kuiper Belt , and the Scattered Disk , and with more dwarf planet discoveries , the Outer solar system is now usually defined as above .
Tree climbing is an activity where one moves around in the crown of trees .
Some comedy movies have `` slapstick comedy , '' in which people just do silly things such as tripping , falling over or embarrassing themselves just to make people laugh .
In the Japanese language , the family name comes first , and the given name comes second .
This is also bad for people 's health .
There is evidence that even before there was writing , there was slavery .
Pages use MediaWiki 's Wikitext format , so that users without knowledge of XHTML or CSS can edit them easily .
Only some members of the royal family do not have a family name .
It is also more used more often than the nautical mile for sea distances and air distances .
The number of protons , neutrons and electrons an atom has determines what element it is .
Arabs introduced Islam in the 7th century and slowly began spreading the new religion .
This means that they think that what is right for me is whatever I say is right .
Her parents had worked as teachers at a military base in Lahr , Germany .
In this system , relativity is one of the most important ideas , and models of our universe are not allowed to vary much .
The population grew across south east Australia and made great wealth and industry .
They were not modern computers because they could only add , subtract , and multiply - you could not change what they did to make them do something like play tetris .
It has a population of 104,000 people .
Italian people ended the Savoia dynasty and adopted a republic government .
The Danish language is much like Norwegian and Swedish .
Likewise , the Masjid al-Nabawi and the city of Medina that surrounds it are also off-limits to those who do not practice Islam .
For example , in English , a person may say I like fast cars , but in Spanish , it is Me gustan los coches rÃ pidos .
The other is much smaller than the Planck Length .
This means there are about 43,000 days in 1 uranian year .
Today , Egypt has about 80 million people .
Major Thomas Mitchell was one of the most successful explorers .
90 % of the people living in Japan only live in 10 % of the land , near the coast .
In 1083 Spain was ruled again by Spaniards .
It began to be grown as a food crop more than 7,000 years ago .
The fusion of the ideas coming from mathematics with those coming from chemistry is at the origin of a part of the standard terminology of graph theory .
180,000 of them belong to the Greek Orthodox Church .
As years of work changed or replaced computers to have more memory , computer operators and computer scientists decided that some computers could hold several programs in its memory .
Under the oceans in some places it is only 6 kilometers thick .
In other words , physics can be viewed as the study of those universal laws which define , at the most basic level possible , the behavior of the physical universe .
At 10.243 kg , Neptune 's mass puts the planet between Earth and the largest gas giants ; Neptune has seventeen Earth masses but just 1\/18th the mass of Jupiter .
The dialect a person uses is usually decided by where they live .
Astronomy is the study of outer space and everything in it .
A trademark can be a name , word , phrase , symbol , logo , design , or picture .
In the 1600s , Gisuppe Piazzi found the first asteroid .
You can think of a personal computer like this : the personal computer is like your skin : you can see it , other people can see it , and through your skin you feel wind , water , air , and the rest of the world .
Some archaeologists study things that are now underwater .
There are many stories about ghosts in books and movies .
Now , tourists can go on one of a limited number of supervised tours or hunting safaris .
Lawyers are people who have learned about laws .
Black clothing is common in emo and goth subculture .
In traditional mosques , there is often a building specially for washing .
Gravitational Wave Astronomy is the study of the Universe in the gravitational wave spectrum .
Every time we roll the die , it will always land on a number between 1 and 6 .
When a user submits an edit to a page , MediaWiki writes it to the database , but without deleting the previous versions of the page , thus allowing easy reverts in case of vandalism or spamming .
They can see the IP addresses of named editors .
There 's currently no solid evidence to suggest that raw food is more healthy than cooked food .
WP : A redirects here .
China produced about 35 % of the world 's apples .
Over time , Marxist philosophies grew under the Nationalist rule .
Albert Einstein made a theory for how light can make electrons move , and studied how gravity affects light and space .
If they multiplied that by how many pages there were in the dictionary they could estimate how many words they knew .
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences .
The Sacred Fig is a notable example of this , forming additional ` trunks ' by growing adventitious roots down from the branches , which then thicken up when the root reaches the ground to form new trunks ; a single Sacred Fig tree can have hundreds of such trunks .
Ballroom dances such as the waltz are done by couples .
They can block and unblock users who are causing trouble .
People in Taiwan continue to write with Traditional Chinese .
College students with high grades think he was a bad king , because -LRB- their reasons -RRB- . ''
Extending beyond the stellar disk is a much thicker disk of gas .
One way which factories use is using bacteria .
This is the best shape for going through water quickly .
In the 1980s and 90s , the Labor Party under Bob Hawke and Paul Keating , then the Liberal Party under John Howard made lots of changes to the economy .
The formation and evolution of the Solar System is estimated to have begun 4.568 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud .
Part of Long Island Sound forms the border between the Bronx and Queens .
Leibniz 's notation is used by more books because it is easy to understand when the equations become more complicated .
Christmas is the main feast of the year .
If you could look at the solar system `` edge on '' then all the planets would be roughly in a horizontal plane around a center line of the Sun , but not around the Sun 's equator .
The Americans made the restrictions against contact with Cuba tighter .
The natural or innate immune system of the human body is linked very deeply and directly to the nervous system and sensory system , a link first explored by studies on epilepsy .
In Australia and Europe SUVs are usually called 4 wheel drives -LRB- 4X4 -RRB- or 4WDs .
Ink in a ball point pen is held in a thin long cylinder -LRB- tube -RRB- inside the pen .
When the US Constitution was adopted it stayed capital from 1789 until 1790 .
On the other hand , sometimes these ideas and rules are found in the real world after they are studied in mathematics ; this has happened many times in the past .
A lot of people took over Spain from the 13th century but by the end of the 19th Century Spain was fairly poor , and was ruled by French people .
Viewed from the Andromeda Galaxy , it would be the brightest feature of our own galaxy .
In the 1950s and 1960s , composers such as Karlheinz Stockhausen experimented with electronic music , using electronic circuits , amplifiers and loudspeakers .
`` Musical notation '' means `` the way music is written down '' .
These are the main groups :
Mill said that democracy is the most important political development of the 1800s .
March is named after Mars , the Roman god of war .
This is generally thought of as a basic human right .
Glass is a hard material that can be made in many shapes .
Processed food usually contains several natural ingredients and food additives -LRB- such as preservative , antioxidants , emulsifiers , flavor enhancers , etc. -RRB- .
Later they also came from countries like Turkey and Lebanon .
Changing what the computer did was very time consuming and required an expert .
In September 2001 the United States blamed bin Laden for terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon outside Washington , D.C. .
`` The American adoption of the Dictionary was a momentous event not just in its history , but in the history of lexicography .
Period 2 and Period 3 both have 8 elements .
The state flower is the yellow hibiscus -LRB- Hibiscus brackenridgei or ma ` o hau hele -RRB- .
May is the fifth month of the year .
The Governor-General , currently , Her Excellency Ms Quentin Bryce , is chosen by the Prime Minister .
Jargon is also common in the military .
In MediaWiki , a system administrator can choose to install extension provided on the main MediaWiki website .
22 million people live in Australia .
`` Fuck up '' can also mean to make a mistake .
People with these beliefs are called political ecologists .
They may also have a courtyard .
The word ` name ' can also be used as a verb .
These are basic ways to achieve fairness .
Others came from Asia , such as Confucius or Buddha .
Scientists must be very careful to make explanations that fit well with what they observe and measure .
The properties of the compound may be very different from the elements it is made from .
Addition is the mathematical way of putting things together .
Every now and then there would be a civil war between claimants to the throne .
A small group of trees growing together is called a grove or copse , and a landscape covered by a dense growth of trees is called a forest .
People have always danced .
The origins of todayâ s town really starts in the 9th century when Muhammad I had a small palace built where the Palacio Real stands today .
The abacus , the slide rule , the astrolabe and the Antikythera mechanism -LRB- which dates from about 150-100 BC -RRB- are examples of automated calculation machines .
Broadly , events and happenings in the Universe can be divided into three types : burst , periodic and noise .
There are a small amount of other Christians , Muslims and atheists .
Communism claims to make everyone equal .
There is one number for each dimension .
There are a lot of very big and important art museums in Madrid .
MediaWiki is free server-based software which is licensed under the GNU General Public License -LRB- GPL -RRB- .
Shortly afterwards , the machine originally described by von Neumann 's paperâ '' EDVACâ '' was completed but was not ready for two years .
Breakfast sausages are available in patties or slices from a large roll , or in weiner-like links of different lengths and thickness .
This is when chemists discovered the simplest substances that make up all other substances .
Today , Oahu has become a tourism and shopping center .
A cube is one of the simplest mathematical shapes in space .
Further into the planet it is so hot and the pressure so high that helium becomes a liquid and precipitates or rains further down into the planet .
Each kingdom has many smaller groups in it , called Phyla : see List of animal phyla .
People can cook food with fire using wood or charcoal , with a stove that uses propane or natural gas , or with a stove that uses electricity .
Other animals eat only meat and are called carnivores .
Birds have feathers on their skin .
In India , there are also 21 High Courts .
The leaf can be thought of as a food factory .
Often known as Bill 101 , it defined French as the only official language of Quebec .
Squares , circles and triangles are some of the simplest shapes in flat geometry .
Sometimes , states form their own countries , sometimes many states work together to form a country .
It is used very often in building trades to mean the place where a building will go up .
When they find answers to some of these questions philosophers often have the same problem , that is how to best tell the answers they found to other people .
Many people live in cities because it is easy for them to find and do the things they want there .
Even though she is the head of state , she does not decide policy .
In some societies , dance goes with song as well as music .
Blues music was influenced by African music -LRB- because the black people in the United States had come to the United States as slaves .
The economy of India is the 11th largest in the world with a GDP of $ 568 billion .
A cup is a container that can hold a liquid so we can drink it .
This indicates that they are probably composed of a mixture of the ice and a dark material .
He traveled all the way to what is now western Victoria , and to his surprise and annoyance found that he was not the first white person there .
In painting , however , the black pigment is the combination of all colors .
The largest city in Quebec , and the second-largest city in Canada , is Montreal .
To many other people , it is a job .
In those cases , the government has said that the owner may stop other people from using their rights .
Australia had a bad recession in 1991 , but but when other Western countries had trouble with their economies in 2008 , Australia stayed strong .
A madrassa is a little different from a mosque .
This is known as Arab-plan .
For example , if someone says `` this computer is mine , '' it should be possible to point to the computer .
A profanity usually refers to religion , sex , or bodily functions .
London working class version : I ai n't done nuffink !
Light from a distant source reaches a telescope or satellite and gets measured , normally by a human eye or a camera .
Other famous writers include Shakespeare .
Another major reason to leave was the potato famine in the 1860 's .
Part of the reason was that Esperanto is easier to learn with a simpler grammar .
Acceleration can be positive or negative .
Atomic theory stayed as a mostly philosophical subject , with not much actual scientific investigation or study , until the development of chemistry in the 1600s .
They can import pages from other Wikipedias .
Later Shaoqi lost influence on Mao and his death to this day remains unresolved .
Computers use memory called `` RAM '' as a space to carry out the instructions and store data while it is doing these instructions .
A farm is a piece of land used to grow plants and\/or raise animals for food .
There are 18 groups in the standard periodic table .
In 1922 much of Ireland became independent as the Irish Free State -LRB- now called Ireland -RRB- from the United Kingdom .
Australia joined in on the side of Britain , France and Russia , against Germany , Austria-Hungary and Turkey .
Some mosques have several domes , as well as the main large dome .
They are San Marino , which is surrounded by part of Northern Italy , and the Vatican City , which is inside Rome .
Any member of the public is a licensee , and is addressed as `` you '' .
In ancient times it was crossed by trade routes connecting lands to the east and west .
There will be some offices .
Oils from crude oil are also used as fuels for engines or to make the parts of machines work together without sticking or stopping .
Kangaroos like to live on grassy plains , but not in forests .
There are also parliaments in the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands , which are islands that are partly controlled by the UK , and partly independent .
This data will then have various techniques applied to it -LRB- to analyze it -RRB- , out of which we may get an answer .
It is connected to Germany by land .
Hilo is filled with historic buildings , interesting shops , parks and has a constant stream of performances , festivals and events .
For instance , a prefabricated building can be `` built offsite '' and then `` moved onsite '' .
There is a repeating pattern to the digits following the decimal point .
Castro made many changes to Cuba and ended American ownership of Cuban businesses .
Jazz music influenced pop music songs .
Some polytheists also use uppercase when talking about their most important god .
While Germany was losing the war , Finland had already progressed into the Soviet Union in order to regain the areas lost in the previous peace .
They are also in homes , where they are used for things such as listening to music , reading the news , and writing .
1 .
They are remnants of the once great British Empire .
Abrahamic religions are very popular monotheistic ones .
The Romans built a city called Londinium on the River Thames in AD 43 .
Examples are the Dictionary of National Biography , the Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships , and Black 's Law Dictionary .
While that series is easy to write and calculate , it is not immediately obvious why it yields Ï .
More and more people worked in more advanced jobs , like high technology .
The Taliban ruled Afghanistan according to their strict version of Islamic law .
Joseph Banks and Dr. Solander went ashore and were astonished to find that they did not know what any of the plants or birds or animals that they saw were .
However , they do not control the hive .
But in 1941 lots of Australian soldiers were captured in the Fall of Singapore when Japan attacked .
During the Quiet Revolution , English Canadians lost their control over the Quebec economy , the Roman Catholic Church became less important , and the Quebec government took over the hydro-electric companies .
GL = U.S. grade level ASL = Average sentence length UW = Number of unique unfamiliar words
O Canada , we watch over you to keep you safe . '' -RRB-
The choice of which individuals to take for a survey or data collection is important , as it directly influences the statistics .
These states all tried to improve their politics and economy and became more and more like the states today .
The word `` encyclopedia '' is Latin and comes from Greek .
Different countries have different names for their police .
In Canada and the United States , maize is commonly referred to as `` corn '' .
Death is when the spirit separates from the body .
Some kinds of plant oils that people use are African oil palm , maize -LRB- corn -RRB- , olive , peanut , soy , and sunflower .
This also makes the theory of little use until the issue is solved , because mathematical laws are usually used to predict what will happen in a situation - but string theory can not yet answer that question , because it needs to be tried first and then scientists can pick the answers that work .
The protons and neutrons are in the middle of the atom .
Human beings can hear audible sound .
Numbers are also used for other things besides counting .
Most asteroids are made of rock , but some are made of ice or metal .
Later , in Europe , people used iron gall ink .
Planetary Astronomy is the study of planets , moons , dwarf planets , comets and asteroids as well as other small objects that orbit stars .
This is how the name Francie appeared .
These are April 11 , 2009 , when it will be in prograde motion ; July 17 , 2009 , when it will be in retrograde motion ; and February 7 , 2010 , when it will be in prograde motion .
They were vegans .
`` I beat him with a stick '' = literal meaning of ` beat ' .
Many mosques are known for their Islamic architecture .
For example , the number 10 in the binary number system really means 1 times 2 plus 0 , and 101 means 1 times four -LRB- = 4 -RRB- plus 0 times two -LRB- = 0 -RRB- plus 1 times 1 -LRB- = 1 -RRB- .
A person studying biology at university has lots of courses about biology and not very many courses in other fields , like languages or history .
Some people use grammar that is different from other people when speaking .
Australia passed many laws to help the workers , but they only wanted British workers in Australia .
The number Ï -LRB- written as the Greek letter pi -RRB- is a very useful number .
This made Cubaâ s schools and hospitals some of the best in the world , and the army fought in Africa to support black Africans against the white South African army .
He can always leave it to his children when he dies .
Mars has two very small moons , called Phobos and Deimos .
Gravitational Waves are ripples in spacetime emitted by very dense objects changing shape , which include white dwarves , neutron stars and black holes .
Spain comes second -LRB- 58.5 million in 2006 -RRB- and the United States come third -LRB- 51.1 million in 2006 -RRB- .
Content on Wikipedia is covered by disclaimers .
The Mughals in India popularized onion-shaped domes in South Asia and Persia .
If â '' is a poem written by Rudyard Kipling .
Their ability to move from place to place and adapt has made them a most efficient group .
Australia had a bad recession in 1991 , but but when other Western countries had trouble with their economies in 2008 , Australia stayed pretty strong .
It begins by hair falling out first from the front and sides of the head , and thinning from the top of the head , usually until it is all gone .
Some craters hit Mars with so much force a few pieces of Mars went flying into space - even into Earth !
Nouns often need a word called an article or determiner -LRB- like the or that -RRB- .
After making the algorithm , the scientist needs to test whether the algorithm always does what it should .
This makes atoms almost impossible to see .
Tom walks from A to B. Then Tom walks from B back to A. The distance Tom walked is 2 metres .
The two main branches of economics are microeconomics and macroeconomics .
Example : Take the adjective ` natural ' , add ` ness ' to get ` naturalness ' , a noun .
About a thousand years ago some Finns changed their religion to Christianity , and slowly Christianity became more and more popular .
The answers to these questions gives the different domains or categories of philosophy .
In 1941 , Japan hit Pearl Harbor in Hawaii , a water base of the United States and destroyed or damaged many ships and airplanes .
In the Renaissance -LRB- roughly 1400-1550 -RRB- there was a lot of music , and many composers wrote music that has survived so that it can be performed , played or sung today .
Ranches are often found in the desert regions of Australia or the American west because there is plenty of available space .
The rules were written on stone tablets .
Most of these cultivars are grown for eating fresh -LRB- dessert apples -RRB- .
Their different styles and flavors depend on the origin of the milk and whether it has been pasteurized .
The strength of the field is enough to be a serious danger to any spacecraft traveling past or to Jupiter .
Each Phylum has more smaller groups in it , called Classes .
Some are big and some are small ; some are fat and some are tall .
In many cultures -LRB- for example North American , European , Japanese and others -RRB- people wear clothing over the foot to keep it safe .
A ranch is often on private land .
A first language -LRB- also mother tongue , native language , arterial language , or L1 -RRB- is the language a person first learns .
It is the largest city of Spain and , at 655m -LRB- 2,100 ft -RRB- above sea level , it is the highest capital of any European country .
Through healing , cells are able to repair damaged tissue .
People who want to emigrate to a country that uses English also take the general one .
The three numbers in the vector Sally gives Jane might be :
Mercury is bright when it is able to be seen from Earth , ranging from â ' 2.0 to 5.5 in apparent magnitude , but is not easily seen as it is usually too close to the Sun .
Bill Gates and Paul Allen started the company in 1975 .
Chemists are constantly working to find new and useful substances .
As a result , many Roman Catholic churches and services feature images or statues .
The Earth 's orbit around the Sun is nearly a perfect circle , but when mapped it is found that the Earth moves around the Sun in a very slightly oval shaped , or elliptical orbit .
If the standard deviation is large , though , then a lot of the data is very different from the average .
This depends on the type of city that it is .
They compete to provide better explanations .
India is a growing economy and has high levels of poverty , illiteracy and malnutrition .
Rutherford took a photo plate and surrounded it with gold foil , and then shot alpha particles at it .
It can be seen from the shape whether the music goes up or down .
The animal kingdom is varied .
The other colonies soon followed .
The circumference -LRB- meaning `` all the way around '' -RRB- of a circle is line that goes around the circle .
The summer lasts usually from May to early September , and temperatures can reach up to +35 Â C. Autumns are dark and rainy .
Britain asked the French to remove the forts , and the French refused .
This would be difficult .
Satellite-based telescopes opened up the Universe to human eyes .
They are done after the last required prayer of the day .
Jazz musicians used instruments such as the trumpet , saxophone , and clarinet were used for the tunes -LRB- melodies -RRB- , drums for percussion and plucked double bass , piano , banjo and guitar for the background rhythm -LRB- rhythmic section -RRB- .
A percentage is not totally a rational number but it has relationship with fraction and decimal .
Many times however , they are very hard to calculate .
Then , in the year 1809 AD Russia took Finland from Sweden .
Jupiter 's large gravity has had a big effect on the Solar System .
July was named after Julius Caesar .
It was first released in 1986 for the Apple Macintosh .
In the 1960s the White Australia Policy was ended .
Although the Greek philosopher Aristarchus of Samos suggested that there was a special order in the sky , Nicolaus Copernicus was the first to develop a mathematical system .
Physics is the study of matter and energy in space and time and how they are related to each other .
Studying the Sun helped people understand how nuclear fusion works .
The 20th century saw important changes in astronomy .
Such as :
Distance is a measure of the space between two things .
There are more than 7,500 kinds of different apple trees .
Examples are the type of epileptic seizure that can only be triggered by light , or an allergy that goes off if only a few molecules , not even enough to smell , are received into the nose .
Finland joined the European Union in 1995 .
Italy participated in World War I as an ally of Great Britain , France , and Russia against the Central Powers .
The island of Kauai was featured in Disney 's 2002 animated feature film Lilo & Stitch .
There are many practical applications of ecology in conservation biology , wetland management , natural resource management -LRB- agriculture , forestry , fisheries -RRB- , city planning -LRB- urban ecology -RRB- , community health , economics , and applied science .
The binary number 10 is the same as the decimal number 2 .
Text from other Wikipedias is copyright and we can only use it if we follow the rules of the GFDL .
The poet Dylan Thomas has brought Welsh culture to international attention .
Early civilizations such as the Maya people and the Ancient Egyptians built simple observatories and drew maps of the stars positions .
Most computers have some kind of Windows , like Windows XP or Windows Vista .
The first modern constitution in the world was that of the United States in 1787 , but some Native American tribes had similar charters before that .
Others may live in rainforests .
Usually this is easy to do when there are only one or two variables .
For these reasons , many people believe hydrogen power will eventually replace technologies such as diesel-electric engines and biodiesel fuel .
They came from Italy , Greece , Yugoslavia , Poland and other countries in Europe .
It is usually transparent , but it can also be made in colors .
Popular instruments during the Renaissance included the viols -LRB- a string instrument played with a bow -RRB- , lutes -LRB- a plucked stringed instrument that is a little like a guitar -RRB- , and the virginal , a small , quiet keyboard instrument .
It makes up 40 % of the country 's land area .
Often one country may have several different ethnic groups , or the people of one ethnic group may live in several different countries .
Because of the disaster , Cuba changed to allow less control by the government , more discussion amongst the people , and private shops and businesses .
It is the study of the materials -LRB- things -RRB- that make up our bodies and everything in the world around us .
They also let other people communicate with each other , do their jobs almost anywhere , learn about almost anything , or share their opinions with each other .
It killed many people .
For example , many Chinese names are made up of three syllables .
On the 26th January , 1788 , the flag was raised and New South Wales was claimed in the name of King George III of England , and the new settlement was called Sydney .
In English it says , The life of the land is perpetuated in righteousness .
India first told Portugal , which was ruled by a dictator that time , to peacefully hand over the Indian region that it was holding .
The Romans built many large public buildings and villas , aqueducts to carry water , and good stone bridges and roads .
Neptune was then discovered that very night on September 23 , 1846 , within 1 Â of where Le Verrier had predicted it to be , and about 10 Â from Adams ' prediction .
A compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other separate and independent documents or works , in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium , is called an `` aggregate '' if the copyright resulting from the compilation is not used to limit the legal rights of the compilation 's users beyond what the individual works permit .
It is estimated almost a million people died of starvation .
It contains a lot of starch and other carbohydrates .
The software is licensed under the GPL .
The law that `` you must not drink alcohol while driving a car '' stops people from drunk driving , which could kill people .
The mode is the only form of average that can be used for data that can not be put in order .
Computers are able to solve mathematical problems because a programmer has told them how to solve math problems .
Name is a word -LRB- or a set of words -RRB- given to things and people .
The most common are guinea pigs , rabbits , hamsters -LRB- especially Syrians and Dwarfs -RRB- , mice and rats .
Most of the planets have moons that orbit around them .
In Britain and the United States , people use inches more than they use millimeters or centimeters .
Aldous Huxley was also from the United Kingdom also Jacqueline Wilson was a famous author who wrote a child 's favorite book called Tracy Beaker .
Since the 1990s , France and Germany got closer after WWII had slowed any type of relations .
An epileptic attack is actually an immune system reaction triggered by a purely sensory or nervous input , like a strobe light .
Often they were sent away to the British Colonies in America .
Written in English format a comma is introduced making it `` Ching San , Cheah . ''
English and Nauruan are the official languages of Nauru .
In very many countries , there are strict rules about sexual intercourse and drugs that are part of law and offenders are punished for disobeying them .
The Bible does not say this includes unmarried people having sex with each other , although some people think so .
They say that this ordinance is no longer valid , because God has replaced his old creation by a new one .
Organizations that are part of civil society include political parties , debating clubs , trade unions , human rights organizations , newspapers , and charities .
This means that one mile is 1.6093 kilometres .
About 60 % live in and around the mainland state capitals of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth and Adelaide .
Nearly all the mosques in the Arabian Peninsula as well as Morocco do not allow non-Muslims .
Maize -LRB- called corn in some countries -RRB- is a member of the grass family Poaceae .
In 1931 , Japan invaded Manchuria , a place in the northeastern part of China .
Number of parts of a name
Italy is a democratic republic and is a founding member of the European Union .
When purchasing paint or tires in many places , one simultaneously pays for the disposal of the toxic waste they become .
Hydrogen 's symbol on the Periodic Table of Elements is H.
Denmark is a country in northern Europe .
Physics studies energy , heat and radioactivity , and even space and time .
For example -LRB- 4 + 5i -RRB- Ã -- -LRB- 3 + 2i -RRB- = -LRB- 4 Ã -- 3 - 5 Ã -- 2 -RRB- + -LRB- 4 Ã -- 2 + 5 Ã -- 3 -RRB- i = -LRB- 12 - 10 -RRB- + -LRB- 8 + 15 -RRB- i = 2 + 23i .
For example : `` pork '' came from the old French word porc -LRB- pig -RRB- , but it means food that comes from a pig .
Often the ghost is said to appear as a feeling of cold and a light or a misty cloud , but sometimes people say they have seen ghosts that look more like people .
Many philosophers think that doing anything or making any choice is a part of ethics .
Some rational numbers , such as 1\/10 , need a finite number of digits after the decimal point to write them in decimal form .
Some people call profanity `` crude , '' but some say that it is no cruder to say `` damn '' than `` puke '' -LRB- a word that is simply vulgar , but not a swear word -RRB- .
For example , the words `` Wise fool '' , `` Warm freezer '' , `` Legal murder '' all have two words .
Austria has many artists , there are Gustav Klimt , Oskar Kokoschka , Egon Schiele or Friedensreich Hundertwasser , Inge Morath or Otto Wagner and scienc .
Then Malcolm Fraser won a few elections for the Liberal Party .
One case for which this is not true are the roots of the mangrove tree .
It is also done to fit more text into a limited space .
Terms like foolish , stupid , idiot and moron are insults , because they suggest that a person 's mind is not quick or smart .
Not all trees have all the plant organs or parts as mentioned above .
People know what happened in the past by looking at things from the past , including records -LRB- like books , newspapers and letters -RRB- and artifacts -LRB- like pottery , tools , and human or animal remains -RRB- .
Some synagogues even have a short wall so that they can not see each other .
The third ring , called the gossamer ring , is very transparent -LRB- see through -RRB- and it is made from microscopic debris .
NASA is planning to send another spacecraft to Jupiter called Juno .
For safety , they were often close together .
Most Microsoft programs can not be downloaded for free - people have to buy them in a shop or online .
In many areas where apple growing is important , people have huge celebrations :
Ù Ù Ø Ù Ø -RRB- -LRB- Dari : Ø Ù
The earliest known supercontinent was called Rodina .
Because of this , documents that may be required for payment are :
It is a year in which an extra day is added to the Gregorian calendar which is used by most of the world .
But no one calls themselves Platonist other than a few mathematicians today .
It has an arched entrance and a central dome .
Islamic scholars , theologians and jurists are often given the title alim , meaning ` knowledgeable ' .
The basic difference in cube and a square is , cube is 3d figure -LRB- having 3 dimensions i.e. length , breadth and height while square have only 2 dimensions i.e length and breadth .
If we take samples next to the waste drain , we will get different results than if the samples are taken in a far away , hard to reach , spot of the lake .
If another person wants to use a trademark that they do not own , they can ask the trademark owner for permission .
However , whether it is truly a musical instrument or simply a carnivore-chewed bone is a matter of ongoing debate .
; Pussy This term refers to the vulva , and also to a weak man .
They remain a mystery .
The nature of the galaxy 's bar is also actively debated , with estimates for its half-length and orientation spanning from 3,300 â `` 16,000 light years -LRB- short or a long bar -RRB- and 10 â `` 50 degrees .
Some black composers such as Scott Joplin were writing music called ragtime , which had a very different rhythm from standard European music , but used notes that were similar to some European music .
It is not true for quaternions -LRB- numbers representable as a ring in the four-dimensional space -RRB- , vectors or matrices .
English , the language , is a development from Anglo-Saxon Old English , and is a Germanic language .
There was no-one among the convicts who was a builder , a brickmaker or a blacksmith .
By ` imageless dances ' he meant dances which have no set form , but aim at getting the dancers into a state of ecstasy .
Due to this , they are able to bring more animals towards them and spread their seeds .
The Indian field hockey team won the 1975 Men 's Hockey World Cup .
The stone columns , which still hold up so many important buildings , like the Parthenon in Athens , were simply copied from the first wooden posts .
French scientists made big scientific discoveries in the 18th century .
Finland was one of the first countries where most people had Internet connections and mobile phones .
An important part of being Muslim , or just being part of the mosque , is taking care of people who need help .
This makes it very hard to talk about ideas of time that would apply to negentropy or its effects .
Profanities can also be called swear words , curse -LRB- `` cuss '' -RRB- words , dirty words , bad words , foul language , obscenity or obscene language , or expletives .
Fair use is part of the laws of United States of America and some other countries .
The weather in Denmark is quite windy and rainy .
In each campus there are several faculties and university schools -LRB- mainly for teaching -RRB- , and also laboratories , departments and institutes of research .
Both damage sources can result in trees becoming dangerous , and the term `` hazard trees '' is commonly used by arborists , and industry groups such as power line operators .
This became known in Cuba as â The Special Periodâ .
People can damage trees also .
The meaning of the amethyst is sincerity .
This move sparked rebellions throughout the country .
Here are a few of the computers they built :
This usually is clearly seen in artists ' works .
So Ono Ken 's parents have the family name Ono , but Ono Yoko 's parents probably do not .
The Italian word `` orologio '' for instance is pronounced oh-ro-LO-jo -LRB- `` gi '' always making a `` j '' sound . -RRB-
The nucleus is in the middle of an atom .
The wind goes around the sail and makes the boat move through the water .
Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on the Saturday , reserving Sunday as a day of worship .
In France , each region has its own special dish ; Choucroute in Alsace , Quiche in Lorraine , Cassoulet in the Languedoc-Roussillon , Tapenade in Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur .
When it gets cold enough it turns back into water again .
Flynn went on to a celebrated career in Hollywood .
Some people study the human body .
This is the reason lots of people think of sending humans to Mars one day , and dream of building an artifice ecosystem that will protect people .
In some synagogues men and women sit in different places .
Some people dance to express their feelings and emotions .
It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and east , Iran in the west , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the north , and a narrow piece of land known as the Vakhan , or Wakhan Corridor , connects Afghanistan with China to the northeast .
Australia was still part of the British Empire , and for at first wanted only British or Europeans to come to Australia .
English has a huge number of words , but its spelling comes from many different sources .
Special English was first used on October 19 , 1959 .
Philosophers believe that asking philosophical questions is useful because it brings wisdom and helps people to learn about the world and each other .
France is a secular country and the constitution guarantees freedom of religion .
The word Calculus comes from the Latin language meaning `` small stone '' .
Meanwhile , Le Verrier had convinced Johann Gottfried Galle to search for the planet .
It provides a framework for understanding and researching human social interaction .
People sometimes use the word `` soapbox '' to mean a place to say new or unusual things .
When bees go into the flower to gather nectar , the spiky pollen sticks to their back legs .
In algebra , adding z to y -LRB- or y plus z -RRB- is written as y + z. Subtracting z from y -LRB- or y minus z -RRB- is written as y â ' z.
Julia Gillard became the first woman Prime Minister of Australia in 2010 when she replaced her colleague Kevin Rudd of the Labor Party .
The first institution of this type was the University of Bologna that later became a model for similar centers of education .
The ancient Greeks had comedy plays .
A sail is a large piece of cloth on the top of some boats .
The largest city on the island is Hilo .
Sally and Bill get 3 more children .
Bad weather or other problems sometimes destroy the growing food in one part of the world .
Teacups have a special small plate to sit on , called a saucer .
His main reason was to help children learn to read and write .
Experts think that by the year 2030 , India will be the first .
Some old words were given new meanings , such as mail -LRB- Which now means email -RRB- , and these compare the old communication methods with the new ways using the Internet .
These forces are gravity , the electromagnetic force , the strong nuclear force and the weak nuclear force , respectively .
Complex numbers are a more general form of numbers .
Changes in the Sun can effect the weather and climate on Earth .
Later , in the Triassic Period , conifers , ginkgos , cycads and other gymnosperms appeared , and subsequently flowering plants in the Cretaceous Period .
The distance between my lowest end -- the bottom of my foot -- and my highest end -- the top of my head -- measures out to 64 inches , so my height measures out to 64 inches too .
Autonomous means that each of these autonomous communities has its own Executive Power , its own Legislative Power and its own Judicial Power .
On the Faroe Islands , Faroese is spoken , and people living in Greenland speak Inuit .
The modern optical -LRB- uses visible light -RRB- telescope is still more advanced .
The Internet is used to send information quickly between computers around the world .
Some chemicals like hydrogen can explode or catch fire .
Edmond Halley -LRB- whom Halley 's Comet is named after -RRB- reasoned that comets are periodic , that is , they appear once every several hundreds of years .
The stellar disc does not have a sharp edge , a radius beyond which there are no stars .
However , once people within the state itself started fighting -LRB- what 's called a Civil war -RRB- , the kings had to make peace and start parliaments .
Australia also supported the United States in wars against dictatorships in Korea and Vietnam and later Iraq .
Colchester was attacked and burnt by Boudicca in 61 AD .
Most people in London are English .
A multiverse -LRB- or meta-universe -RRB- is the theory of a set of multiple possible universes , including our universe , which make up reality .
It is smaller than a river .
In English and many other languages , nouns have ` number ' .
For this reason , mosques with smaller communities may not be able to hold the iftar dinners daily .
Food can make people sick if it is contaminated by micro-organisms , heavy metals , or chemicals .
Jupiter is not tilted on its axis as much as the Earth or Mars .
Some of these come close to being an encyclopedia , but an encyclopedia gives a lot of extra information about things -LRB- knowledge -RRB- and does not explain the use of the language .
He became king of England as well as king of Scotland , but the two countries stayed separate .
An operating system -LRB- also called an OS -RRB- is what is needed to run the programs on a computer or a mobile device .
The only Aboriginal buildings that are known are fish-traps made from stones piled up in the river , and the remains of a few stone huts in Victoria and Tasmania .
Making new progress in Astronomy is becoming more limited by the observatories and facilities being used at this time .
Symbols can even be colors or patterns .
The part of the river that is near the source is called a `` young '' or `` youthful river '' .
However , some people think that philosophy is harmful , as philosophy encourages free-thinking and often questions the beliefs that others hold .
The theories that are well supported by data and are especially simple and general are sometimes called scientific laws .
Las Vegas is a city in the American state of Nevada .
To boil food is to cook it in boiling water .
This model showed that electrons orbit the nucleus in fixed circular orbits .
There are probably more than 100 billion -LRB- 1011 -RRB- galaxies in the observable universe .
The condition can be aggravate -LRB- made worse -RRB- by stress .
For comparison , the diameter of a typical galaxy is only 30,000 light-years , and the typical distance between two neighboring galaxies is only 3 million light-years .
Elements in the same column , or period , usually have similar properties .
Architecture is a term that means either the science of the design of structures such as houses , places of worship , office buildings , or the profession of an architect .
In the 1980s , the Saudi Arabian government began to pay for the building of mosques in countries around the world .
This makes water , H2O .
English is , in its origin , a Germanic language .
Haneda Airport is close to central Tokyo and is the largest domestic airport in the country .
Terre de nos aÄ eux , Ton front est ceint de fleurons glorieux !
Another name for these numbers is positive numbers .
This is why archaeological fieldwork is expensive and why it takes a long time .
The outside or skin of an organism is always at maximum entropy because it is removing heat .
Convict transportation ended in the 1840s and 1850s and more changes came .
Scientists can work in different areas of science .
Webpages on the Web can be seen and read by anyone -LRB- unless the page needs a password , or it is blocked -RRB- .
They agree to take the same position on many issues , and agree to support the same changes to law and the same leaders .
; Biting one 's thumb Performed by placing the tip of a thumb under the front teeth , then pulling the thumb slightly forward , with the fingers closed .
O Canada , we stand on guard for thee ; O Canada , we stand on guard for thee .
A molecule is the smallest amount of a chemical substance that can exist .
Soy products like tofu provide all the essential amino acids but are not the only way to get the protein you need .
The artist may feel a certain emotion and feels there is no other way to express it than to create something that means something to them .
If normal Cuban people try to shop at those stores , they may get into big trouble .
Eg .
Some idioms are only used by some groups of people or at certain times .
Then there is an incubation period which can last from a few hours to about seven days .
Mathematicians have grown this basic theory to make simple algebra rules which can be used to find the derivative of almost any function .
If you use the latter option , you must take reasonably prudent steps , when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in quantity , to ensure that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an Opaque copy -LRB- directly or through your agents or retailers -RRB- of that edition to the public .
Kauai -LRB- Kaua ` i in Hawaiian -RRB- is the oldest and fourth largest of the main Hawaiian Islands , in the United States .
The front of a synagogue faces towards Jerusalem in Israel .
It can be broken down by bacteria .
Scientists that believe in string theory work around this problem by picking only the results that match our observations and saying that later we will find why the other ones are not good .
For example , people who use what is called General American English or BBC English might say , I did n't do anything , while someone who speaks what is called African American Vernacular English or AAVE might say , I did n't do nothing .
The operating system also has to prevent two programs from fighting over which one gets to use the processor .
The territories ' governments have a more limited set of powers versus the federal government than that of the provinces ' .
These people , who were the ancestors of the Indo-Iranians , used the term `` Aryan '' as a religious , cultural , and ethnic self designation .
There was also a hospital and a convict barracks and a beautiful church which are still standing today .
Tin -LRB- II -RRB- chloride pollutes water easily .
And this is the reason for the endless debate .
He called it the `` The Analytical Engine '' .
Fish swim by exerting force against the surrounding water .
Argentina has a number of highly-ranked Polo players .
The Document may include Warranty Disclaimers next to the notice which states that this License applies to the Document .
People experimented with plastics based on natural polymers for a very long time .
Triton is the coldest object that has been measured in the solar system , with temperatures of â ' 235 Â C -LRB- 38 K , â ' 392 Â F -RRB- .
The community has its own parliament and government , but they are not yet as powerful as the Flemish and Walloon bodies .
This type of state is called a polyarchy .
There are different types of comedy .
Cienfuegos , GuantÃ namo , and Santiago de Cubaare some of the port cities on the south coast .
The main organelles of a cell and their uses are :
Different countries have many different ideas of what things are crimes , and which are severe enough to be treated as felonies .
The boomerang was used in some areas for sport and for hunting .
Sometimes the same word can be either a common noun or a proper noun , depending on how it is used ; for example :
Other words with this meaning are description and explanation .
However , the concept is also applicable to water , and soil , and any other aspect of an ecosystem which can be both harvested and renewed - the so-called renewable resources .
Niccolo Machiavelli wrote that politics was firstly about having and keeping power .

It is the third largest planet in the solar system .
Removing day to day stress , getting enough sleep , and music , dreams , exercise , nutrition , prayer , and interaction with others , was all part of the method .
For example , three multiplied by five is the total of five threes added together , or the total of three fives .
The main stream of the river gets broken into many parts that spread out into a triangle shape like the Greek letter `` Delta '' .
Today most countries of the world recognize the People 's Republic of China as China .
The fresh water of the river mixes slowly with the salt water , becoming brackish water â `` a `` break '' between fresh and salty water .
But Galileo was not credited for the discovery since he thought Neptune was a `` fixed star '' instead of a planet .
However , under President de Gaulle , it left the joint military command .
The history of twentieth century art includes Expressionism , Fauvism , Cubism , Dadaism , and Surrealism , and Minimalism .
Examples of these are buildings , equipment , and machines .
This version is sometimes called `` Ritual Decalogue '' .
In an effort to get their hair back , men have tried `` cures '' like applying strange lotions or even having their heads packed in chicken manure .
A simile is a direct comparison : `` Jane is like a child '' .
A library is not a bookstore -LRB- a store that sells books -RRB- .

They believed this cycle of coming back to life could be escaped by a ritual cleansing .
A good way of knowing if a group of people is healthy is their weight , which generally increases with better nutrition .
Ancient Rome , for example , is now up to 40 feet -LRB- 12 metres -RRB- below the present city .
It is the fifth planet from the Sun .
The first music was probably made trying to imitate sounds and rhythms that occurred naturally .
Protons and neutrons are similar sizes Protons are positively charged and neutrons have no charge .
This is because the military makes some citizens do forced labor .
Some people call it counting numbers whereas some people call it whole numbers .
Though Neptune 's atmosphere is much more active than that of Uranus , both planets are made up of the same gases and ices .
Taxonomy is a science .
Australia was colonised by people from Britain , but today people from all over the world live there .
This is said to be greater in size than the entire human economy .
These also overlap in a head to tail direction , producing a tough outer layer .
They came in at Ellis Island , an island in New York 's harbor near the Statue of Liberty .
Many religions believe that a deity created everything that exists .
It is the study of value or quality .
Nearly 15 million people live there .
The tree has always been a cultural symbol .
This works much faster , and does not need much space .
The makers of open content get to choose what license to use for their work , and everyone else has to follow it .
It is most familiar as the deposit bottle - where one pays for the loan of the bottle at the same time as one purchases what is inside it .
Christianity first appeared in the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD .
Neptune can not be seen with naked eye alone , since Neptune 's normal brightness are between magnitudes +7.7 and +8.0 , which can be out-shined by Jupiter 's Galilean moons , the dwarf planet Ceres , and the asteroids 4 Vesta , 2 Pallas , 7 Iris , 3 Juno and 6 Hebe .
The ovary produces the seeds .
Sometimes , the man will take the woman 's family name .
Before he died he would make clear whom he thought should succeed him , by making him a Roman consul , or by stating in his will that the younger man should succeed him .
When these are combined with peace movements and the Six Principles , they are called green movements .
Also in a pluralist state , politics , the military and the economy are all united and work together .
The United States put their army bases in Japan , including Okinawa .
From 40,000 years ago , many of the objects in graves are small artworks .
Some philosophers might even argue that the question `` Is philosophy good or bad ? ''
Acceleration is the rate of change of the velocity of an object .
Later , the Spanish , English and Dutch came to Japan to trade .
They are often kept by groups of people in public ponds for their beauty and calming nature .
On the other hand , countries with repressive or corrupt governments frequently do not stick to their constitutions , or have bad constitutions without giving freedom to citizens and others .
Fertility dances may involve both ecstatic states and mime .
She was said to have been abducted to Crete by Zeus .
The second largest , is the Encyclopaedia Britannica , which is the largest one that is printed .
: I like Jenny = I think Jenny is an OK person .
Independent estimates -LRB- based on measurements such as radioactive dating -RRB- agree , although they are less precise , ranging from 11 â `` 20 billion years to 13 â `` 15 billion years .
Sometimes a cup has a handle on the side .
Ã '' Canada !
These liquids are very infectious -LRB- they can make other people get the virus . -RRB-
England , Northern Ireland , Scotland and Wales have separate , but similar , systems of education .
The longer a photon has been traveling , the more expansion it has undergone ; hence , older photons from more distant galaxies are the most red-shifted .
The western part of the Roman Empire continued for almost 1000 years , and the eastern part , including Greece and Turkey , continued for about a thousand years more .
Cuba has fertile soil and a warm climate that makes it great for growing crops .
The elements are linked to the four humors : phlegm -LRB- water -RRB- , yellow bile -LRB- fire -RRB- , black bile -LRB- earth -RRB- , and blood -LRB- air -RRB- .
The Muslims who built them used old architectural styles .
These proposals , some of which are being examined already by governments to see if they will be funded , allow us to glimpse into what the astronomers are planning for the future of astronomy .
Acceleration is a measure of how fast velocity changes .
The Wizard 's eye\/Dark Spot 2 is another southern cyclonic storm , the second most strongest storm seen during the 1989 encounter .
In Europe , after the Middle Ages , -LRB- which some people call the Mediaeval Period or the `` Dark Ages '' -RRB- there was a `` Renaissance '' which means `` rebirth '' .
Jupiter is the third brightest object in the night sky .
Sometimes a special part of the mosque was railed off for women ; for example , the governor of Mecca in 870 had ropes tied between the columns to make a separate place for women .
The last known Cathar follower was burned at the stake in the early 1300s .
This means it is made up of solid rock unlike a gas giant such as Jupiter .
Called locally the `` Big Island , '' its area is 4,038 sq . miles -LRB- 10 458 square kilometers -RRB- .
We have leap years because instead of 365 days , the Earth really takes a few minutes less than 365-1\/4 days -LRB- 365.24219 -RRB- to go completely around the Sun .
`` i before e except after c '' has over 100 exceptions .
This is called the natural greenhouse effect .
They can be much cheaper than other old things , especially if they are made of cheap metals like copper .
The number of foreigners in Finland has recently been growing rapidly .
Some doctors do hair transplants , where they take tiny plugs of hair from areas like the back of the neck and plant them in the bald spots on the head .
It is numbers in bank accounts , saved in computer memories .
Niihau shells and the jewelry made from them are very popular .
In many religions it has been common for people to believe that they have to act kindly only to some people and not to others .
The majority of children attend state schools but a small proportion attend private schools .
Most fishes generate thrust using lateral movements of their body & tail fin -LRB- caudal fin -RRB- .
The Hindu Kush and the smaller ranges that cover most of central Afghanistan are part of the Himalayas .
If they are not , do it again .
Until the arrival of British settlers in 1788 , the Aboriginal people lived by hunting and gathering food from the land .
Well , there are many places - it can be extracted from water -LRB- but this of course will use more energy than you would get back by using it in a fuel cell or an engine -RRB- .
Isaac Newton is the scientist who first wrote down the main laws of motion .
For other uses of A , see A -LRB- disambiguation -RRB-
Policy is decided by the government , under the direction of the Prime Minister .
One reason is the comfort of their large cabins -- they can carry almost as much as a minivan .
Alpha and omega , the last letter of the Greek alphabet , symbolize the beginning and the end .
The Cathar faith was a version of Christianity .
They believe that Oceania is a region which includes Australia , New Zealand and the Pacific Islands .
Parliament is in London , but it has power over the whole of the UK .
The Pope gave the order to lock Galileo up in his house and they did not let him write any more books until he died .
Physicists then compare these predictions to observations or experimental evidence to show whether the theory is right or wrong .
A newborn baby gets a family name from their parents .
In modern Europe , any town with at least 10,000 people in it can call itself city .
Each one is also a county .
-LRB- Hominids are primates that are close to humans .
The Yuan , Ming , and Qing dynasties all made Beijing their capitals .
In 1855 , limited self-government was given by London to New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia and Tasmania .
There are two different symbols -LRB- 0,1 -RRB- used in the base two number system .
While some fans watch sports on television , others actually go to places where people play sports to watch them in person .
A berry can be either one fruit -LRB- like strawberry -RRB- or many fruits joined together like raspberry -RRB- .
Food is material that comes from animals or plants , eaten by living things to provide energy and nutrition .
If there is no social capital , war and revolution often results .
However , the universe may have more dimensions and its spacetime may have a multiply connected global topology .
One needs less money with more solidarity in society , because the collective substitutes for the currency .
Sometimes the judge might decide that the criminal should be executed -LRB- killed -RRB- .
A very small outward expansion to the Leverrier Ring has been named Lassell ; it is surrounded at its outer edge by the Arago Ring at 57,000 km .
Birds use sounds to defend their territory , or to attract a mate .
Ù Ø Ù
However , six northern counties -LRB- called Northern Ireland -RRB- continue to be part of the United Kingdom .
The improvement of telescopes led astronomers to realize that the Solar System is in a galaxy made of millions of stars , the Milky Way , and that other galaxies exist outside it , as far as machines can reach .
The name comes either from the Roman god Februus or else from `` februa '' , the festivals of purification celebrated in Rome every fifteenth of this month .
There are also many smaller islands .
Tossing a coin can be a type of gambling , which is illegal -LRB- against the law -RRB- in some countries , but it depends , of course , if something is gambled upon with a price someone risks or if it 's just merely to decide something , so it 's hard to take a real gamble with coins .
In 1688 , William Dampier became the first Englishman to reach Australia .
However aquaculture is quite a new activity in Canada as it only began in the 1879 .
The city of Beijing has played a very important role in the development of China .
`` Cost of Living '' is also an episode from Star Trek : The Next Generation .
If the island has too few people , bridges are often not built because it is expensive to build .
Madrid suffered a lot in this war .
We can also use like for `` the same way as '' : : She runs like the wind - she and the wind are both fast .
The words of songs that are 3,000 years old are used every day in Christian churches and Jewish synagogues .
The rule of all the Wikipedias , including this one , is that nothing in the Wikipedia can be copyrighted by someone else .
Other species suspected of reaching exceptional age include European Yew Taxus baccata -LRB- probably over 2,000 years -RRB- and Western Redcedar Thuja plicata .
A simpler proof considering only 633 configurations was given twenty years later by Robertson , Seymour , Sanders and Thomas .
Because of this , many animals and plants live in Australia that are not found anywhere else .
This mixture is often called air .
Some emperors had no son ; some had sons who were killed in battle , or died during a plague .
They did not usually build walls or fences , and there were no horses , cows or sheep in Australia that needed to be kept in pens .
Italy is a country in southern Europe and a member of the European Union .
7 .
Therefore , very often , approximations are used .
Food for humans is mostly made through farming or gardening , and includes animal and vegetable sources .
The population of Italy is a little over 58 million .
Iran is third , after which comes Turkey , Russia , Italy and India .
The flat roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns .
Romans enjoyed these shows in the Roman Colosseum .
In 1977 , the newly elected Parti QuÃ bÃ cois government of RenÃ LÃ vesque introduced the Charter of the French Language .
Metabolism uses energy to fuel all organs involved in digestion and respiration and so on .
But money is standard .
-LRB- Here XYZ stands for a specific section name mentioned below , such as `` Acknowledgements '' , `` Dedications '' , `` Endorsements '' , or `` History '' . -RRB-
The text contained in Wikipedia is copyrighted -LRB- automatically , under the Berne Convention -RRB- by Wikipedia contributors and licensed to the public under the GNU Free Documentation License -LRB- GFDL -RRB- .
Several other rings were discovered by the Voyager cameras .
It is about the health of many people , or everybody , rather than one person .
The president of Finland is Tarja Halonen .
There are some who are hereditary peers -LRB- their fathers were peers -RRB- ; and a few others , such as certain bishops in the established Church of England , and the Judiciary -LRB- Law Lords -RRB- .
For the book in the Bible , see Numbers -LRB- Bible -RRB- .
-LRB- This only stops other people from reading what you type .
Meanwhile , at home , the Muslim manuscripts had been either burnt or spread to other countries .
This is a Celtic name that came from Camulos .
If the sentence is a lie , then it is not as it says , it is true .
Summers are hot and stormy .
However , there are a few exceptions to these rules .
The Himalayas , in the alpine climate region , can get extremely cold .
This is due to a lower volume to surface area ratio .
Astronomical sources do not move much -LRB- only the rotation and movement of the Earth causes them to move across the heavens -RRB- the film or CCD plate can be left exposed for longer than an instant .
Because computers are very fast , modern computers can solve billions of math problems per second .
It is believed by some physicists that our universe is perfect for life , because it had thousands of other chances at life , each of which is a different universe in the multiverse .
It is the night Muslims believe that the Islamic prophet Muhammad first received Qur ` anic revelations .
Unlike in modern sports , the fighters were often killed in these fights .
London is a big city in the South-East of England , on the River Thames .
Whenever a comet appeared , a king would die .
Its history can be followed to the ninth century .
Later images showed clouds that moved even faster than Scooter .
Two things that are at right angles are called `` perpendicular '' .
Kamehameha I was the first king of Hawaii .
Green is between the yellow and blue colors in a rainbow .
This hot water vapor rises .
Looking at the Sun can help us understand how other stars work and are formed .
Coins have been made for about 2600 years ; the first place to make coins was Lydia -LRB- modern Turkey -RRB- .
The rule says that :
These are just the most popular products - they make a lot of other ones too .
Cities that were on a river like London could grow much bigger than cities that were on a mountain like Siena in Italy , because the river made a transport route for carrying food and other goods , as well as for transporting people .
New Earth-based observations published in 2005 appeared to show that Neptune 's rings are a lot more unstable than thought before .
It has the largest land area of any member .
Because of some of the deserts of India , all of India gets rain for four months of the year .
At this distance or beyond , the orbits of most halo objects would be disrupted by the Magellanic Clouds , and the objects would likely be ejected from the vicinity of the Milky Way .
October begins on the same day of week as January , except in leap years .
Usually they are at one of the corners of the mosque .
Ï can also be calculated using purely mathematical methods .
This area is called the electron 's orbital .
NPOV means that people should write the things that almost everyone agrees about , and make them the main point of the article .
The operating system itself has to remember where the programs are at in memory .
Sometimes , roots are specialized into aerial roots , which can also provide support , as is the case with the Banyan tree .
But soon it had its own money , and its own Army and Navy .
The words are arranged in alphabetical order so that they can be found quickly .
A coin is normally a round piece of metal that is used as currency .
A word like â rightâ has two basic meanings in English : 1 -RRB- â correctâ , and 2 -RRB- the opposite of â leftâ .
France has two mountain ranges near its borders : the Alps in the east and the Pyrenees in the south .
The change is automatically marked as a small change and gives the following change summary :
Because of this , philosophy seems useful because it makes new kinds of science !
Algebra uses letters -LRB- a , b , c , ... -RRB- and other symbols to represent numbers .
Cricket in India is controlled by the Board of Control for Cricket in India or BCCI .
As it rises it gets colder .
Big , heavy SUVs like Ford Excursions and Chevrolet Suburbans can damage cars badly when they hit them .
Many cities that have their status from the Middle Ages are actually smaller than 10,000 people .
In 1973 , the famous Sydney Opera House opened .
A compound metaphor is one where there are multiple parts in the metaphor that are used to snag the listener .
The objects are small circles : `` o '' .
Geometry can be used to measure the area and perimeter of a flat shape .
It will also come very close to being at the same point since the 1846 discovery in late October through early-mid November 2010 , when Neptune will turn from retrograde to direct motion on the exact degree of Neptune 's discovery and will then stop for a moment along the ecliptic within 2 arc minutes at that point -LRB- closest on November 7 , 2010 -RRB- .
They fought bravely , but were beaten by the Turks .
These were very cruel wars .
The Po River is the longest river in Italy .
But before most bonds break , the molecule has to be heated .
You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other documents released under this License , and replace the individual copies of this License in the various documents with a single copy that is included in the collection , provided that you follow the rules of this License for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects .
`` Yield '' of ecological commodities like wood or water , useful to humans , is only a part of it .
It has a frequency of 4000 hertz -LRB- Hz -RRB- , or 4 kilohertz -LRB- kHz -RRB- .
The summer in Mars is warm enough to get rid of the dry ice , but it is not warm enough to melt the ice that is made of water .
India and the Tibetan government see this line as the official border of India .
In fact , people 's languages are different across the UK , depending on the area you are in for example in Wales one might speak welsh or in Ireland Irish -LRB- although they are not part of the UK -RRB- .
For mature to fully mature trees , the accepted TPZ comprises a 1.5-foot clearance for every 1 inch diameter of trunk .
The rings were discovered by NASA 's Voyager 1 probe in 1979 .
It shows the state as a neutral place for settling arguments between other states .
The most important rivers include the River Plate , Paraguay , Bermejo , Colorado , Uruguay and the largest river , the ParanÃ .
Canada 's land is composed of thirteen parts : ten provinces and three territories .
Legendary and controversial moves like Big Mak are also praised and talked about within the culture .
Data analysis is the process of getting more information out of an astronomical observation than by simply looking at it .
Hydrogen , for example , has one proton , no neutrons and one electron ; the element sulfur has 16 protons , 16 neutrons and 16 electrons .
Music had to have a nice shape .
One of these examples is shown in the Bayeux Tapestry , when Halley 's Comet returned .
If the problems are very serious or very minor , and they are not resolved by diplomatic meetings they definitely lead to war .
-LRB- 1 googol is 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 . -RRB-
If there is an even number of data , there will not be a number right in the middle , so we choose the two middle ones and calculate their mean .
Sometimes people use alternative names for similar regions defined above .
According to Newton 's Second Law of Motion , the force something needs to accelerate an object depends on the object 's mass -LRB- the amount of `` stuff '' the object is made from or how `` heavy '' it is -RRB- .
They want to learn about how plants work .
Afghanistan is a newly formed democracy .
Many ex-colonies officially speak the French language .
So , speaking and writing a language each have their own style .
A long time ago , people did not buy or sell with money .
When a social network has already excluded or exiled one person , or applied a label to them , this works more often .
It is the main second language of the world and the language of science , business , and entertainment .
The Universe expanded from a very hot , dense phase called the Planck epoch , in which all the matter and energy of the Universe was concentrated .
In the 17th-century , Galileo Galilei , Johannes Kepler and Isaac Newton began helping people understand physics more clearly .
They are probably composed of water ice .
Though already cooked and `` ready to eat '' it is usually served warm .
Most people keep them on top of a desk , which is why they are called `` desktop computers . ''
Other Europeans then began to map or visit the north and west coast - which they called New Holland .
16th-century scholars tried to indicate the history of a word by its spelling : the silent ` b ' in ` debt ' is there to reflect the Latin debitum .
They used these new instruments to make new sounds .
A broader group of twenty universities form the Russell Group , which account for two thirds of reseach grants and contract funding out of the total of 100 universities .
It is very important to know at what time horizon something you are doing will be scored , evaluated , marked or paid for .
Women are allowed to lead prayers for congregations where there are only women .
The different meanings are brought together in the term `` Aloha Spirit '' to describe the friendly people of Hawaii .
These distances are a measure of the position .
For the previous example , the coefficients of the equations can be stored in a coefficient matrix .
Advocates of this approach to healing believe that modern hospitals are making mistakes by isolating the sick unless they are infectious - which is good for others but not necessarily for the sick themselves .
Calixa LavallÃ e wrote the music ; Adolphe-Basile Routhier wrote the words in French .
When people talk about using ` proper English ' , they usually mean using the grammar of general British English , as described in standard reference works .
The word `` swing '' is hard to explain .
Also , ten hundreds is the same as ten times one hundred , or one thousand .
This helps to put more oxygen -LRB- the gas that humans breathe -RRB- into the air .
Number of parts of a name
This is known as baldness , and doctors call it `` male pattern baldness '' .
He would not want someone else to sell a stolen version of the book , and get money for the work he had done .
Examples of paleolithic objects which are considered unambiguously musical are bone flutes or pipes ; paleolithic finds which are open to interpretation are pierced phalanges -LRB- finger bones -RRB- , objects interpreted as bullroarers , and rasps .
Only Chinese , Korean and Dutch people were allowed to visit Japan , in the end , and they were under careful control of the Japanese government .
Hydrochloric acid can cause bad burns .
This means most of its mass is solid .
The first known statistics are census data .
Pumpkins , cucumbers , melons , oranges and lemons are differently made berries .
The Oxus civilization expanded as far east as western edge of the Indus Valley during the period between 2200 and 1800 B.C. .
Orchestras became bigger , and composers often wrote longer pieces of music called symphonies that had several sections -LRB- called movements -RRB- .
A salt is also made when an acid and a base react together .
Even music is a vibration .
In many countries , if a person tries to do something without the correct license to do it , he might have to pay a fine or go to prison .
It is now used more often than miles for measuring road distance .
In 500 BC , she says , it was common to build temples to Asclepius , the god of healing , and they had long sloping ramps to let sick people use them .
Pure hydrogen is normally made of two hydrogen atoms connected together .
The ones which remain are now being better protected .
All it takes is experimenting with the sounds that an instrument makes .
The Quiet Revolution was so named because it was not marked by protests or violence .
The history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilisations .
The recent big earthquake was in 1995 , near Kobe .
Most early models thought the Earth was the center of the Universe .
There are different types of encyclopedia .
The river divides the city into two parts , North Dublin and South Dublin .
In 1933 the Cubans stopped the Platt Amendment , but the Americans still had a big say in Cuban politics .
Very slowly this darker and hotter area blends into the superheated liquid interior .
It may be better to use the word `` as '' for this to stop confusion with example 1 .
For girls and women , forced prostitution is a type of slavery .
Some people dance as individuals , separately as they please .
These theorems have interested mathematicians and people who are not mathematicians .
Mental health refers to a person 's emotional and psychological well-being .
In modern times there were Arnold Schoenberg , Anton Webern and Alban Berg , who belonged to the Second Viennese School .
The Ebers papyrus -LRB- Egypt , 1550 BC -RRB- looks like that ancient Egyptians bathed commonly and had animal and vegetable oils with alkaline salts to make a soap-like substance .
Australia has two public broadcasters -LRB- the ABC and the multi-cultural SBS -RRB- , three commercial television networks , three pay TV services , and numerous public , non-profit television and radio stations .
In the 1700s , in England , laws were tough , many people were poor and gaols were full .
This was known as the Cuban Missile Crisis .
Archaeologists , the people who study archaeology , use these remains to understand how people lived .
The old Greek writers knew them and called the land of these Aryan settlers Ariana .
Eumelanin determines the darkness of the hair color .
January is the first month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars .
The idiom shape up or ship out , which is like saying improve your behavior or leave if you do n't , might be said by an employer or supervisor to an employee , but not to other people .
Northern streams flow toward the Amu Darya , which forms part of the country 's northern border .
Much of the music in the Middle Ages -LRB- roughly 450-1420 -RRB- was folk music played by working people who wanted to sing or dance .
It went to England in 1349 .
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear and atomic physics .
People have used many different gallons throughout history .
Politics is often compared to ethics -LRB- ideas about right and wrong -RRB- .
Any use of GFDL material which violates the terms of the GFDL is potentially copyright infringement .
Some of her most famous songs are :
Other ways that goods can be moved are pipeline transport and by using smaller ships on rivers .
They also include 5 of the top universities : Peking University , Tsinghua University , China People University , Beijing Normal University and Beihang University .
Saying â God !
One year on Jupiter is equal to 11.86 years on Earth .
Some of them are Magnum P.I. , `` LOST '' , Hawaii Five-O and Jake and the Fatman .
The biggest industry of Hawaii is tourism .
The inch is the basic unit of length or distance in the English system .
Some things that do not have mass on their own act like they have mass because of their movement .
For example , Salt Lake City was the name given to a village of 148 people .
Christians say that the Old Testament talks about `` God the Father '' .
They may all have the same ancestors , speak the same language , or have the same religion .
Other kinds of blood sausage include boudin noir -LRB- France -RRB- , boudin rouge -LRB- Creole and Cajun -RRB- and morcilla -LRB- Spain -RRB- .
British English is the kind of English language which is used in the United Kingdom and countries that used to be in the British Empire .
Flatfish live on the bottom of the ocean or lake .
Some of the most famous attractions in Paris , are the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe .
Also , ecology means that it is the branch of biology dealing with the relations and interactions between organisms and their environment , including other organisms .
It takes a word from its original context , and uses it in another .
A symbol for a number is made up of these ten digits .
Red is the color of some apples .
The word `` mathematics '' comes from the Greek word '' Î 1\/4 Î Î Î Î 1\/4 Î '' -LRB- mÃ thema -RRB- .
It also helps to keep Earth warm .
It is this effect that makes stars `` twinkle '' in the sky .
They think that society has put its social capital into the artist and the artist 's work .
y\/z is more commonly used .
Then in 1267 , Mongols built a new city on the north side of the Jin capital , and called it `` Great Capital '' -LRB- å é 1\/2 -RRB- , which was the beginning of modern Beijing .
Some of the best known ones are listed below .
Japan was opened again in 1854 by Matthew Perry , when the Americans wanted to use Japanese ports for American whale boats .
It is one of the three primary colors , along with blue and yellow .
Revisions should only be hidden in special cases , listed here .
Other people approach philosophy from another job .
For Americans in the second half of the eighteenth century , Johnson was the authority on language , and the subsequent development of American dictionaries was colored by his fame '' .
In other words , 1,317 Earth-sized objects could fit inside it .
This is composed of a real number line , and an imaginary number line .
His descendants , the Direct Capetians , the House of Valois and the House of Bourbon , unified the country with many wars and dynastic inheritance .
In 1905 , 110 acres owned by William A. Clark , on which he built a railroad to Southern California were auctioned and Las Vegas was founded as a railroad town .
Different countries have different opinions on the question .
They used fewer spices , and more herbs and creamy ingredients .
At night it is much cooler .
It is used by a public radio station called Voice of America , run by the United States government in Special English programs every day .
The Pioneer missions were the first spacecraft to take close up pictures of Jupiter and its moons .
This definition says that the Universe is made of two elements : space and time , together known as space-time or the vacuum ; and matter and different forms of energy and momentum occupying space-time .
Modern mosques should appeal to the community they serve .
It can also be used to measure a solid shape 's volume and surface area .
It means `` the gathering place '' -LRB- a place where people meet -RRB- in the Hawaiian language .
For example , if a country 's wealth goes up or if millions of people become unemployed , those are things that macroeconomists study .
It was called The Globe .
Linear algebra uses a system of notation for describing system behavior , called a matrix .
However , some Christian groups think that one can be a Christian without ever going to a church .
The graph is often a line , and if the line does not bend or go straight up-and-down it can be described by the basic formula where b is the y-intercept of the graph and m is the slope .
The plays written in this style make people think about questions like `` what is it like to be a person in the world ? ''
Not wearing shoes can be good for the feet , especially for children 's feet .
Although the cause is currently unknown but some scientists think that it may be because of the gravitational contact with small moons that orbit near them .
The most important cities are SÃ # o Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador , BrasÃ lia , Curitiba , Belo Horizonte , Porto Alegre , Recife , Fortaleza , Manaus , GoiÃ cents nia and VitÃ ria .
The state includes institutions and organizations .
People often say that fruits , such as apples and bananas , and vegetables , such as potatoes , have `` skins '' .
The planet Mars is made of rock .
Some other power of ten numbers also have special names :
It is usually 5 t diameter .
Potential infinity is a process that never stops .
The Judicial branch is made up of the courts of India , including the Supreme Court .
In this area , the people just form groups themselves .
Since fruits are produced from fertilised ovaries in flowers , only flowering plants produce fruits .
This article is about the island of Ireland .
-LRB- physiology -RRB- ; `` How should we group living things ? ''
If they are too strange , they may be moved .
Articles need some complex words because of the article names in the ordinary English Wikipedia , and to use normal words would make the article too simple .
There are 1.12 billion people living in India .
The discovery of the Milky Way goes back to the Ancient Greek philosopher Democritus .
They have in common that education is required from ages five to sixteen .
There are many different ways to classify cheeses .
A number of online projects use the GFDL .
` Au ' is the symbol for gold and it comes from the Latin word for gold , aurum .
Some gases including carbon dioxide and methane act like a blanket around the Earth , they trap heat under them , keeping the Earth warm .
It is a subfamily of the family Rosaceae .
They are 5 to 12 cm long and 3 - wide .
Even today , this kind of music still exists .
There are three types of gallon still in use .
But in 1770 a British sailor , Captain James Cook , found the fertile east coast of Australia .
Once a student is comfortable with simple problems like this , it is easier to try harder ones .
To cross over a mature river , people use bridges .
Another astronomer called Galileo Galilei built his own telescope , and used it to look more closely at the stars and planets for the first time .
This system was copied around the world .
Inconvertible money is money that can not be converted into gold and silver .
Sometimes the underground water trickles or gushes out of the ground to form a small `` spring '' of water .
Black is associated with power , elegance , formality , anarchy , death , evil , and mystery .
Mass can also mean a Christian religious ritual , see Mass -LRB- liturgy -RRB- .
Internet slang is slang words which are used on the Internet .
India has the third largest army in the world and nuclear weapons .
Society is the term to describe human beings together -LRB- collective , the sum of their social networks and power networks -RRB- .
They wanted to be able to program the music box - to order the music box to play different music .
A national emblem is a symbol for a certain country .
Among the few things kept and respected in Spain were in music : harmony and stringed instruments , and of course the buildings , many of which became churches , by adding crosses .
According to the GFDL , you must provide attribution -LRB- that means , you must say where you got it from -RRB- when using someone else 's work .
Boots are higher and larger than shoes and sandals .
In philosophy of mathematics , someone is called a Platonist if they believe a mathematical proof is part of reality , but also that it is not part of our universe but a parallel ` perfect ' one .
She points out that buckets of apples were discovered in the place of burial for the Oseberg ship in Norway .
The meaning of the diamond is innocence .
These things are a little different from the things the ordinary English Wikipedia does not do .
For the automobile , see Ford Galaxy .
The Quebec Act made American colonists angry , so they launched the American Revolution .
He said , and he was right , that the Sun was at the center of the Solar System and all the planets including Earth moved around it .
There are also violent storms on the surface with winds that blow at 160 miles per hour .
Webster 's dictionary contained seventy thousand words , of which twelve thousand had never appeared in a published dictionary before .
They also love music and sports .
On that website , Dr. Ray explains his `` Time Cube '' theory , which describes the planet Earth as having a cubic symmetry , and time as rotating four `` corners '' .
Ecological yield is the harvestable growth of an ecosystem .
Financial capital is a form of capital .
Uranus was discovered in 1781 .
In China , arts included jade carving , bronzework , pottery , poetry , calligraphy , music , painting , drama , and fiction .
Ancient Egyptian law developed in 3000 BC .
For example , if velocity is measured in meters per second , and if time is measured in seconds , then acceleration is measured in meters per second squared -LRB- m\/s2 -RRB- .
Not eating meat is called vegetarianism .
Beekeeping or apiculture is the farming of honeybees .
India has 23 official languages .
Scientists study things by looking at them very carefully , by measuring them , and by doing experiments and tests .
Archaeologists think it is important to understand the past , because so many people use the past to know where they come from .
The spelling of the English language is by far the most irregular of all alphabetic spellings and thus the most difficult to learn .
The average tells us about a typical individual in the population .
Laws about copyright were created so that people who write books or songs or make web pages or movies could get money for their work .
India is a peninsula , which means that it is surrounded on three sides by water .
CheckUser requests can be made at Requests for checkuser .
Sometimes people will learn American English as it is spoken in America - for example , in telephone call centers in India and other places , people often learn American English in order to sound more like their customers who call India from America .
Geography is the study of the Earth and its features , its inhabitants , and its phenomena .
Not many people live in the north part of the province .
Abiotic sources include lightning , vehicles impacts , and construction activities .
The Solar Wind hitting the Earth 's magnetic field causes the northern lights .
Various organizations have long recognized the importance of construction activities that impact tree health .
Because of where it was found , its name comes from the Greek word for Sun , helios .
There are also studies of long term HIV survivors which suggest very strongly that psychology is a key healing factor and that it is quite possible to survive long term with very low immune system function if one avoids major psychological stress and stays quite calm and optimistic regardless of news .
The early Persian poets such as Rudaki were from Khorasan .
The population grew across south east Australia and made great wealth and industry .
For example , someone might be named ` Tiger Smith ' -- even though he is not a tiger or a smith .
Almost all Roman Catholic translations , including the Douay-Rheims Bible -LRB- 1609\/1752 -RRB- , the New American Bible -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , the New Jerusalem Bible -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and the Christian Community Bible -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , have `` kill '' .
Graph theory is an important part of mathematics and computer science .
In Australia they are now the largest vegetable crop .
Today 6 million people live in Ireland and almost 80 million people around the world are descended from Irish immigrants .
This is known as the geocentric model of the Universe .
The word `` philosophy '' comes from two Greek words which mean ` love of wisdom ' .
Tait 's reformulation generated a new class of problems , the factorization problems , particularly studied by Petersen and KÅ ` nig .
Nevertheless , even the most rapid traveler may not be able to interact with all of space .
Helium is called a noble gas , because it does not regularly mix with other chemicals and form new compounds .
It was called Las Vegas by Spanish people .
As a result , protocols -LRB- standard ways -RRB- for tree management prior to , during and after construction activities are well established , tested and refined -LRB- changed -RRB- .
Dimensions can be used to measure position too .
It invaded and annexed Ryukyu Kingdom , Taiwan , and Korea .
Jazz is a type of music that was invented around 1900 in New Orleans in the south of the USA .
People who buy , sell , import , invest , own a house or land , or earn money are made to pay some of the money to a government .
Zero means false .
The adaptive immune system includes cells and systems that require previous exposure .
A synagogue is a place where Jews meet to worship and pray to God .
For example 5 times -3 is -15 .
It concerns religious parts of people but not only that : the spiritual aspect of a person can be understood as that which desires peace , hope , security and connectedness to the universe .
It is a science and an art .
The main parts of the country , and most of the bigger islands , are connected by roads and railroads .
87.8 % of the people said they were Roman Catholic .
A useless journey or pursuit .
The largest cities in India are Mumbai , Kolkata , Delhi , Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad , and Ahmedabad .
In the political sense , Denmark also includes the Faroe Islands in the Atlantic Ocean , and Greenland in North America .
The country 's birds include vultures and eagles .
For example : a man from a place near London may not say his `` r `` s the same as a man from Scotland or a man from Northern Ireland .
In the International System of Units -LRB- abbreviated SI from the French SystÃ me International -RRB- , the metre is the basic unit of length , the kilogram is the basic unit of mass , the second is the basic unit of time , the coulomb is the basic unit of electric charge .
The most common number system that people use is the base ten number system .
The northern part , though , has a cooler climate , called sub-tropical , and even alpine in mountainous regions .
It comes from the Latin phrase mille passus -LRB- plural : milia passuum -RRB- .
Some elements , particularly metal elements mix together in any proportion to form new structures .
April is the fourth month of the year .
Rome was first ruled by kings , then by the Roman Republic , then by an emperor .
Four of them are big , and the biggest is one of the largest islands in the world .
The Swan River Colony was started in 1829 , with townsites at Fremantle and Perth .
That was the time of the Neanderthals .
Ton histoire est une Ã popÃ e Des plus brillants exploits .
Scholars know this when they read the ancient texts of these people ; the Avesta of Iranian people and the Vedas of Indo-Aryans .
Negative numbers are numbers less than zero .
In private mosques , the community selects the imam , through majority voting .
It will explain how the word is used .
If the problem is fixed , the ghost can leave the Earth .
The term `` Ten Commandments '' without a modifier generally applies to the lists mentioned in Exodus 20 and Deuteronomy 5 .
In general , studying the rules and ideas of mathematics can help us understand the world better .
Many coins have complex decorations ; one side often has the picture of a head on it .
People from Brazil are called Brazilians -LRB- brasileiros in Brazilian Portuguese language -RRB- .
Some think creativity is an important thing that makes humans different from apes .
These are a list of some of the common ways in which astronomers can use their equipment to get better pictures of the heavens .
These mosques influenced the Renaissance architecture -LRB- way of building -RRB- in Europe .
The plague was not just carried by rats as some people assume .
The country had a big influence over European politics , economy , and culture .
Most popular apple cultivars are soft but crisp .
Many people go to see the Plaza Mayor which was a market place .
In the outer regions of the solar system , where the Sun shines over 1000 times fainter than on Earth -LRB- still very bright with a magnitude of -21 -RRB- , the last of the four giants did happen as what the scientists actually expected .
It sweeps over small rocks and boulders , and makes big turns around hills and mountains .
Some thinkers find it very hard to find those words that best describe the ideas they have .
However , some are quite simple , such as this form of the Gregory-Leibniz series :
Metaphor is a figure of speech .
Then , Australia 's first parliamentary elections were held for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843 , again with some limits on who could vote .
Three years later he claimed the islands for the Spanish .
You are the True North , strong and free .
Until the 1700s , Sharia law was the main legal system throughout the Muslim world .
The meaning of the emerald is success in love .
In species with annual rings , these rings can be counted to determine the age of the tree , and used to date cores or even wood taken from trees in the past , a practice known as the science of dendrochronology .
These are called bursts because they are normally associated with large explosions producing a `` burst '' of energy .
In its pure form , hydrogen is most commonly found on Earth as a gas .
Animals living in groups have better protection against becoming the prey of others .
Mercury has a more elliptical orbit than the others , and some of the smaller objects orbit the Sun in very eccentric orbits .
This is because popular tastes in apples have become different .
Both can take a lot of some types of damage and survive , but even small amounts of certain types of trauma can result in death .
In algebra , multiplying y by z -LRB- or y times z -RRB- can be written in 4 ways : y Ã -- z , y \* z , yÂ z , or yz .
Predictions are based on the idea that two beginning positions that are like each other will have similar results .
Chinese civilization has been around since the second millennium B.C.E. as a feudal society .
For instance in Renaissance Europe there were thought to be crystal spheres that rotated - with all the stars on one , and each planet on its own .
Many are very rare and expensive , like platinum .
Microsoft Office is also very popular , and it lets people write documents on their computer with Microsoft Word , make charts and graphs with Microsoft Excel , make presentations with Microsoft PowerPoint , and do many other things .
Most mammals -LRB- but not all -RRB- bear live young .
The name ` Belgium ' comes from ` Gallia Belgica ' , a Roman region in the northernmost part of Gaul where the Belgae lived , a combination of Celtic and Germanic peoples .
Seedless bananas and grapes are triploids , and seedlessness results from the abortion of the embryonic plant which is produced by fertilisation .
Also the judicial branch is separate .
The five-holed flute has a V-shaped mouthpiece and is made from a vulture wing bone .
The Sun , and therefore the Solar System , are currently traveling through the Orion Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy and will be for approximately the next 10,000 years .
The French called themselves `` the most Christian Kingdom of France '' .
Restaurants hire skilled cooks for large amounts of money and customers pay for expensive meals .
In some countries , for example China , Special English is popular among people learning English .
All places have their own natural resources .
An experiment is a test of an idea invented by someone , usually a scientist .
Apples are in the group Maloideae .
Now Australia has hundreds of smaller community-based festivals , and national and regional festivals that focus on specific art forms .
The spatial region within which we can affect and be affected is denoted as the observable universe .
Many different opinions exist as to what happens to personal experience after death .
Sound waves with frequency above 20 kHz are called ultrasound waves .
There are two basic steps in making soap .
We often say there are two sorts of natural resource : renewable resources and non-renewable resources .
Other names for police services are sheriff 's office , marshal 's office or department of public safety .
It is considered a pre-requisite to a strict service economy interpretation of -LRB- fictional , national , legal -RRB- `` commodity '' and `` product '' relationships .
Fruits are an evolutionary ` invention ' which help seeds get dispersed by animals .
Very few Christians oppose the making of any images at all .
GL = -LRB- .121 \* ASL -RRB- + -LRB- .082 \* UW -RRB- + .659
By June 2004 , Google had 4.28 billion web pages on its database , 880 million -LRB- 880,000,000 -RRB- pictures and 845 million -LRB- 845,000,000 -RRB- Usenet messages â '' six billion things .
People need to eat protein , fat , carbohydrates , vitamins , and minerals to be healthy .
Infinity , also written , is the name for a group of ideas about things which never end .
The Chief Justice of India is the head of the Supreme Court .
In the 1970s , composers began using electronic synthesizers and musical instruments from rock and roll music , such as the electric guitar .
Human beings , seeing the growth and death of trees , the elasticity of their branches , the sensitiveness and the annual -LRB- every year -RRB- decay and revival of their foliage , see them as powerful symbols of growth , decay and resurrection .
It does not have to be made of glass , but can be made of any material , for example plastic .
Because of this Jupiter has the most comet impacts in the Solar System .
Lunfardo is Argentinean slang and is a mix of Spanish and Italian .
Also of interest is the site where the 1976 Summer Olympic Games were held , and the modern architecture of the Olympic stadium -LRB- the ` Big O ' -RRB- and its tall inclined observation tower -LRB- the highest inclined tower in the world -RRB- ; now a landmark of Montreal .
When the water reaches the leaves , some of it evaporates into the air .
This means that they can make certain local laws more easily .
It uses data from researchers all over the world .
It is now the third most important cereal crop in the world .
People from Cuba are called Cubans , and they speak Spanish .
The Big Island makes up more than half -LRB- ~ 62 % -RRB- of the total land area of the State of Hawaii and is governed under the County of Hawaii .
They do different things depending on their shape .
They should also use only simple grammar and shorter sentences .
Jewish worship does not have to be carried out in a synagogue it can be wherever ten jews Some synagogues have a separate room or torah study , this room is called the beth midrash meaning house of study assemble .
In it there is fatty pork in large pieces , with chili pepper and paprika .
The roots of a tree are generally down in earth , providing anchorage for the above-ground biomass and absorbing -LRB- taking in -RRB- water and nutrients from the soil .
Both lived in the 18th century .
This is very uncommon in other animals .
This technique was first pioneered in radio astronomy .
This says that we can copy a short amount of something -LRB- for example , one or two sentences , or a small picture -RRB- without permission .
These are different ways that people witness to their religion .
The periodic table of the chemical elements is a list of known atoms -LRB- chemical elements -RRB- .
New France became a Royal Province of France in 1663 .
However , cricket is the most popular sport in India .
We call them skyscrapers .
Geography is divided into two main parts called physical geography and human geography .
Further up there is a layer of ozone gas called the Ozone layer .
It is the last state which joined the United States .
Invertebrates include insects , crustaceans , molluscs , corals , worms , and much more .
The term `` Mac OS '' first appeared in the splash screen for System 7.5.1 , but was not adopted as the new name until the release of Mac OS 7.6 .
-LRB- `` Canada , our home and the country where we were born , you make all your people truly love you !
These basic steps are involved :
December 's flower is the Narcissus .
Different seasonings are also in it with the chili .
Life is mainly a biological idea that has no simple definition .
It is the oldest of the eight main islands .
The largest lake is Saimaa , 4,400 square kilometers .
Often , hypostyle mosques have outer arcades .
The leader of Australia is the Prime Minister , although the Governor-General represents the Queen of Australia , who is also the Queen of Great Britain , as head of state .
Many people especially enjoy reading books or things that came from outside the country .
A symbol might be something that is drawn or written , it might be a piece of clothing or jewellery , it might be a sign that a person makes with their body , or it might be a building or monument or artwork .
For smaller volumes the decilitre is used : 10 dl = one litre .
Polymers are long chains of atoms bonded to one another .
As a copyright license , the GFDL is a type of contract between the creator of a copyrightable work -LRB- such as a book , an encyclopedia article , a painting , or a piece of music -RRB- and anyone else who might want to use it .
When someone creates something -LRB- like a picture or book -RRB- , they can make that work `` open '' .
Australians had started parliamentary democracries all across the continent .
The word was first used by a scientist called Eratosthenes -LRB- 276-194 B.C. -RRB- .
Immune systems are biological systems that organisms use to prevent invasion and parasitism by other organisms .
The meaning for the birthstone ruby is contented mind .
An easy way to think of this is a group of separate soap bubbles , in which people living on one soap bubble can not interact with those on other soap bubbles .
In the 2000s , tourism to Cuba began to make money for the island again .
Other people have only two : a first and last name .
Some cathedral cities , for example St David 's , are small , and people do not normally think of them as cities .
Another method is to add the numbers of objects in group A and group B , since they are already counted .
This caused that style of mosque to fall out of favor .
Some definitions of God are not specific , others sometimes contradict themselves .
In leap years February has 29 days .
Moral philosophy , or ethics , is a major branch of philosophy .
This is called the Snowball Earth theory .
Politics is about making agreements between people so that they can live together in groups such as tribes , cities , or countries .
To prevent being sick , it is good to do healthy behaviors such as hand washing , vaccination programs and using condoms .
Nature 's services analysis calculates the global yield of the Earth 's biosphere to humans as a whole .
In the 1970s , other styles of music were mixed with pop music , such as funk and soul music .
Other police have to then take over and maybe even if this officer has gone passed their power greatly the power of high officer can take the officers badge away
She also acted in several movies , including Kevin Smith 's Dogma , where she played God .
It was once a counterpart of Nanjing , `` the southern capital '' , during the Ming Dynasty .
Chemists make new drugs and materials like paints that we all use every day .
If the speed of the object increases , it is called acceleration .
From archaeological remains we know that England was first inhabited by hunter-gatherers after the last ice age ended .
Plato thought that goodness was part of reality , but was part of a parallel ` perfect ' universe .
In the 1600s , European countries invaded India , and the British controlled most of India by 1856 .
Scientists think that all of the water on Mars is frozen .
Science has found no evidence that indicates the existence of God or of anything supernatural .
Currently , only one spacecraft has visited Neptune .
When people look at the wood of a tree , they see rings .
Natural resources are very important to a human lifestyle .
They get shock : low blood pressure , fast pulse -LRB- heart rate -RRB- , and low blood circulation to the body .
Numbers are used when things are measured .
See Great Apostasy .
A cashier used to make change every day in her head or with a piece of paper .
These ideas were good enough to explain an island or watershed or continent that people lived on .
The human voice can make many different kinds of sounds , like singing , humming and whistling through to clicking , coughing and yawning .
Its neighbors are Sweden in the west , Norway in the north , Russia in the east and Estonia in the south , beyond the sea called Gulf of Finland .
Muhammad is reported to have said `` Seek knowledge from the cradle to the grave '' and `` Verily the men of knowledge are the inheritors of the prophets '' .
In 1753 France began building a series of forts in the British Ohio Country .
Because it is surrounded by the sea , Italy has many kilometers of coast , which brings tourists from all over the world .
It was initially created for use with software documentation , but can be applied to other types of works as well , such as Wikipedia .
The oldest known wooden pipes were discovered near Greystones , Ireland , in 2004 .
Cuba became a communist led country like the Soviet Union after this .
Australia is a country in the Southern Hemisphere between the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean .
It is common for a smaller mosque to serve as a hostel for Muslims on haj -LRB- pilgrimage to Mecca -RRB- .
He became Head of Government and dictator , calling himself `` duce '' - which means `` leader '' in Italian .
If a molecule were split into smaller pieces , it would be a different substance .
There are many more things in common between languages .
In the north of France , people often prefer to use butter to cook .
A mainframe is more like your internal organs : you -LRB- hopefully -RRB- never see them , and you barely even think about them , but if they suddenly went missing , you would have some very big problems .
Some words may be understood but not known well enough to be used .
These plates interact as they move about causing earthquakes and creating volcanoes and mountain ranges .
In the atheist Soviet Union the Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of rules that resembled the Ten Commandments .
These walls stood until 1476 when they were knocked down .
All this new information and research gave people confidence , but some still thought that comets were messengers from the gods .
The rings of Uranus consist mainly of macroscopic particles and little dust , although dust is known to be present in 1986U2R \/ Î , Î , Î , Î '' , Î 1\/2 and Î 1\/4 rings .
Electrons are so small they make up only 1 % of an atom 's mass.
Christianity is the world 's largest religion , with 2.1 billion followers around the world .
It also claims the Falkland Islands -LRB- Spanish : Islas Malvinas -RRB- and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
Some fish are less than one centimeter long .
, Hualalai -LRB- dormant -RRB- , Mauna Loa -LRB- active -RRB- , Kulani -LRB- extinct , mostly buried -RRB- , and Kilauea -LRB- very active -RRB- .
Each period has a number : from 1 to 7 .
In Ancient Egypt there was a female sky-goddess who arched over the world , which was a male god .
Social capital is a lot like real capital .
Someone asks the loser : `` What happened ? '' .
The underwater surface has many of the same features as the above sea with volcanos , mountains and trenches or canyons .
Instead , a new storm similar to the Great Dark Spot was found in the planet 's northern hemisphere .
Various translations exist of the sixth commandment ; the Hebrew words -- are translated either as `` thou shalt not kill '' or `` thou shalt not murder '' .
Today , mathematics is needed in many jobs .
à -- à # à à 3\/4 à à à -RRB- is a country in Asia .
They used mechanical devices like trap doors and the machina : a crane for winching gods on and off the stage -LRB- hence ` Deus ex machina ' -RRB- .
Every ten years or so , the sea around the islands freezes over , but in most winters , it does not .
The economic cost of two world wars and the decline of the British Empire in the mid 20th century reduced its leading role in global affairs .
Using such words is thought by some people to be a sin .
The atomic mass of an element can be used to see how much of the element makes a mole .
Most of these pieces are called states , some are called union territories .
2 .
But none of this mattered much to the rulers .
France is a founding member of the European Union .
For example , a `` round square '' could not happen because squares are not round .
History is the study of past events .
The wings represent their speed , and the halo represents their holiness .
The first to use the word imaginary number was RenÃ Descartes .
The style borrows from pre-Islamic Iranian architecture .
Printing .
If it applies for protection by law it may then be bankrupt .
It has moral rules such as the Ten Commandments , which tell people what things are not permitted .
Spain 's Royal Palace is in Madrid .
There are millions of animal species .
Japan was hurt very much after the widespread bombing hits and the big bombs , but soon it grew strong again .
Many ideas like religion , magic , miracles , spirits , ghosts , angels , devils , gods , and God are supernatural .
When a word has several meanings , one can refer to it as being used `` in the sense of ... '' some context or other .
Chorizo is a pork -LRB- pig-meat -RRB- sausage which people first made in Spain .
They can delete and undelete pages .
China is home to some of the oldest artwork in the world .
They are also very common in jargons - for example , most references to newbies in net jargon are insults .
Then we ask each one how often they watch the show , or -LRB- better -RRB- we measure it by attaching an apparatus to each of their television sets .
Our home and native land , True patriot love in all thy sons command !
Most of the technologies used to build computers have changed since the 1940s , but many current computers still use the von-Neumann architecture .
This is called `` registering '' the trademark .
-LRB- People who do this are called `` missionaries '' . -RRB-
These vehicles have been popular for many years with rural people because they can go off-road , but now they are also popular with people in urban areas because they believe that they look good .
Then we want 12 + x = 24 - x.
The difference between some types is in how coarse or fine the meat is chopped .
It 's raining hard .
3 .
Argentina is a country in south South America .
Not every cow is as good as another cow .
During the war , Italy controlled most of the Mediterranean Sea .
In Spanish , the capital is called `` La Habana '' .
Since 1991 , India has been one of the fastest-growing economies in the world .
If you wish to write articles for the Simple English Wikipedia , read How to write Simple English articles .
5 .
From there the disease started to go new places in 1347 .
The study of life is called biology and people who study life are biologists .
France exports wheat , poultry , dairy products , beef , and pork .
England and Wales were unified by Edward I -LRB- Longshanks -RRB- by force in the 13th century .
The debate exists mainly in philosophy since scientists can not really prove whether or not supernatural things like gods exist .
To think that something is wrong .
He called the moon Amalthea .
One phenotype -LRB- brown\/blond -RRB- has a dominant brown allele and a recessive blond allele .
Most religions make rules about human morals .
The album Jagged Little Pill touched many people .
The people of Finland are called Finns .
You can not do anything with money but it still has value .
; Showing one 's middle finger -LRB- `` flipping the bird '' -RRB- Understood generally to mean `` fuck you '' .
A religion is passed on from one person to another through teachings and stories -LRB- which are often called `` myths '' -RRB- which may be written down like the Bible or told from memory like the Dreamtime stories of Australian Aboriginal people .
Experts in mathematics perform research to create new theorems .
They wrote Mystery Plays , where each part of the Bible story would be a play put on by a different group of people .
It has many resources .
They included non-Muslims .
The person also may have a fever .
The swan was a holy animal long ago .
Some animals also have hair like this , and people sometimes also call this hair a beard .
It is bigger than the planet Mercury .
The monarchy was the most powerful during the 17th century and the reign of Louis XIV of France .
Eventually , the Gauls adopted Roman speech -LRB- Latin , from which the French language evolved -RRB- and Roman culture .
Sometimes they use it to report what someone said , especially when mimicking the way they said it .
Another number system is more common for machines .
In some religions there are many gods , which is called polytheism .
Chemistry began as a true science during the 1600s .
Giovanni Boccaccio , an Italian writer of the time , described it : `` This scourge had implanted so great a terror in the hearts of men and women that brothers abandoned brothers , uncles their nephews , sisters their brothers , and in many cases wives deserted their husbands .
The islands are on the east Asian coast in the western part of the Pacific Ocean .
It is only in the last decade or so that treatments have been developed which do sometimes work .
The Roman God of War was called Mars .
The TaÃ nos also slept in hammocks which the Spaniards would introduce to the rest of the world .
Some philosophers have hope to find more things that moralities share .
In ancient Rome , March was called Martius .
Las Vegas is also the county seat of Clark County in Nevada .
However , since rigorous experiments have not been carried out on cosmological length scales , general relativity could conceivably be inaccurate .
Spending money on rehydrating salts , clean water , and more food is wiser , as the first step .
The name `` France '' comes from the Latin word Francia , which literally means `` land of the Franks '' or `` Frankland '' .
All points on the edge of the circle are at the same distance from the center .
-LRB- When n is not 1 -RRB- Example : 7\/1 = 7 but 1\/7 is not 1 but 0.142857 ...
When a body is alive , it has a spirit in it .
A survey done by Wikimedia showed that more people prefer the Vector skin more .
There are many different areas in computer science .
They say there are examples in the New Testament , and in other writings surviving from the first few centuries .
In contrast , the Neptunian ring system is quite similar to that of Uranus , although it is less complex , darker and contains more dust ; the Neptunian rings are also positioned further from the planet .
Muscle contraction happens because of chemical messages made by nerves of that muscle .
Many of the world 's largest cities and harbors are located at estuaries .
Because of Neptune 's slow movement across the sky , Galileo 's small telescope was not strong enough to detect Neptune as a planet .
Another one is Mont Saint Michel , in Normandy .
Although spelling is not so important as vocabulary and usage , it is a traditional sign of education .
It is very useful to be able to read and write music because this is how composers -LRB- who may have lived a long time ago -RRB- can tell the person playing their music how they want their music to be played .
Over the next years and decades the Plaza Mayor was built and many great buildings and monuments , many of which still stand .
Two of these countries , Castile and Aragon , came together when the king of Aragon , Ferdinand II , married the queen of Castile , Isabella .
Users who want to request administrator , bureaucrat , checkuser or oversighter rights can do this at Requests for permissions .
Some Cubans did not like this and tried to leave Cuba .
-LRB- Answer : `` It has two bedrooms and a big kitchen ... '' -RRB- : What was the film like ?
Stalin , who was the leader of the Soviet Union , did not like having a capitalist country as its neighbor .
Most use camouflage : they change colors to match the ocean floor .
Uncooked sausages should be stored in the refrigerator or the freezer .
Armenia is a country in the Caucasus region of Europe .
Seville is famous for its hot summer weather .
However , they can not be made of pure water ice like the rings of Saturn because they are too dark , darker than the inner moons of Uranus .
Because of this , some people say that humans were the first computers .
Originally metaphor was a Greek word for ` transfer ' .
James Joyce is probably Dublin 's best known and most international writer .
Later , an international agreement decided that both Le Verrier and Adams together deserved credit .
An artwork is normally judged by how much impact it has on people , the amount of people who can relate to it , and how much people appreciate it .
When that happened , it was called `` abolition of slavery '' .
They make more profit on them per vehicle than with other automobiles , because they are cheaper and simpler to build than many passenger cars of equivalent price .
30 soldiers and two snow-clearing machines were sent on the way to Ali , according to Xing Xiuyin .
Vittorio Emanuele II was made the King .
Ecosystems describe the web or network of relations among organisms at different scales of organization .
The 1980s also saw home computers and personal computer .
It is guessed that 20,000 were killed , many of whom were Catholics and not Cathars at all .
The Hazaras live in the mountains of central Afghanistan and are believed to be the descendants of the Mongols , because their Dari language contains many Mongol words .
This put first France , then Britain , in control of Spain for the rest of that century .
There is even a type of anthropology called ecological anthropology , which studies how people interact with the environment .
The scientific name of the potato plant is Solanum tuberosum .
This new contact with Europeans and Americans changed the Japanese culture .
Around the nucleus some electrons are further out than others .
Mathematics uses logic to study these things and to create general rules , which are an important part of mathematics .
Those who can not spell well may suffer discrimination .
But people also need to learn idioms separately because certain words together or at certain times can have different meanings .
Street is an expression of the culture of urban youth , very often the blacks .
Sound intensities can be very different .
The Superstring theory is based on 10 or 11 dimensions .
Bureaucrats are the government workers and government organizations that do work for the government .
They can study any time period .
Unlike the other provinces , most people in Quebec speak French .
Red light has a wavelength between 630-750 nanometers .
Scientists believe that these objects were put there for religious reasons .
They differ in their gravitational effects .
Other South Asian Stone Age sites apart from Pakistan are in modern India , such as the Bhimbetka rock shelters in central Madhya Pradesh and the Kupgal petroglyphs of eastern Karnataka , contain rock art showing religious rites and evidence of possible ritual music .
In 1978 these parts came together , making the autonomous communities .
The short words math or maths are often used for arithmetic , geometry or simple algebra by young students and their schools .
People became terrified that their neighbors had said something about them , so they went and turned in their neighbors first .
There are at least 173 of these moons in the solar system .
It was he who now ruled all of Spain :
Chinese civilization was also one of the few to invent writing , the others being Mesopotamia , the Indus Valley civilization , the Maya civilization , the Minoan civilization of ancient Greece , and Ancient Egypt .
Most religions talk about supernatural beings , for example spirits , angels , devils , gods , or God .
It limits the powers a government has , as agreed in a country 's constitution .
Unlike domesticated apples , their leaves become red in autumn .
In 1867 the Parliament of the United Kingdom passed the British North America Act , which brought most of the provinces together .
Before Newton said this , people believed that comets go in to the sun , then another comes out from behind the sun .
A crime -LRB- or misdemeanor or felony -RRB- is an act , that a person does , which is against the laws of a country or region .
The word `` I '' is really a pronoun , although it is capitalized in English , like a proper noun .
Large atoms , or isotopes with a big difference between the number of protons and neutrons will therefore have a long half life .
Millions of people fled Afghanistan for Pakistan and Iran during the fighting of the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
A very young tree is called a sapling .
This idea soon spread to Greece , the rest of the Mediterranean , and the rest of the world .
About 10 % of France 's defense budget is for nuclear weapons force .
Public places such as parks and beaches are very important for many recreational activities .
Asians and native North Americans have the least amount of body hair , while Caucasians tend to have the most .
You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium , either commercially or noncommercially , provided that this License , the copyright notices , and the license notice saying this License applies to the Document are reproduced in all copies , and that you add no other conditions whatsoever to those of this License .
The tiniest speck of dust , or drop of liquid , that you can see is made up of many millions or billions of these molecules .
A low concentration of brown eumelanin results in blond hair , whereas a higher concentration of brown eumelanin will color the hair brown .
Other comedy movies show funny stories or situations in which people are behaving in a silly manner .
He called the resulting change in f -LRB- x -RRB- `` dy '' , which means `` a tiny amount of y '' .
Many people make up stories or urban legends .
That took a lot of time and people made mistakes .
But both people could agree on a great number of facts about Marco , for example : Marco was 175 centimeters tall .
People usually write or print using black ink , but ink can be any color .
The Legislative branch is made up of the Parliament of India , which is located in New Delhi , the capital of India .
You can also add a note in the article or on the Talk page .
The ideas in philosophy are abstract , which means that they are `` things that can not be touched . ''
A boil of the skin is a red place on the skin that is very painful .
Sachs points out that societies of this kind do not really understand the connection between cause and effect .
In summer 2007 , 570 people were found to be slaves for brick makers in China .
A time limit is a time horizon that is imposed on everyone at once .
In many countries like Singapore where Muslims are not the majority , mosques are stopped from loudly playing the call to prayer .
Pluralism tells us that all people are not equal , but still allows each group of people to tell the state what to do .
Then , in 1492 , Christopher Columbus arrived in Cuba on his first trip to the Americas .
Shoes , bags , clothes , and balls are often made of leather .
This needs a large amount of energy to get started , and is not easy to do yet .
A planet 's atmosphere is a layer of different gases surrounding it .
It has a strong form which says that we are needed to do this .
Such regimes are often called administrations to make it clear they are not dictators , and since the executive branch does not have all the power itself - it may share it with a legislative branch .
Einstein on the Beach is an opera written by the minimalist composer Philip Glass and theater director and designer Robert Wilson .
In those days , the Kingdom of Yan -LRB- ç -RRB- set up their capital where Beijing is today .
23.5 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly take part in organised sporting activities .
In the 1960s , The Beatles became a famous pop music group .
After the war against Japanese , civil war started again .
In temperate climates , and tropical climates with a single wet-dry season alternation , the growth rings are annual , each pair of light and dark rings being one year of growth ; these are known as annual rings .
These elementary particles interact via at most three fundamental interactions : the electroweak interaction which includes electromagnetism and the weak nuclear force ; the strong nuclear force described by quantum chromodynamics ; and gravity , which is best described at present by general relativity .
Other foods are not good for the body when they are raw , so they must be cooked .
The invention of the telescope in the Netherlands , 1608 , was a milestone in astronomy .
Birth , naming , reaching an age to think for oneself , reaching adulthood , marriage , childbirth , sickness and death are all celebrated by some religions .
Then each species in the Genus is given its own name .
Servers putting unwanted email into somebody 's inbox was similar to waiters putting unwanted Spam into food .
So most of the people do not speak about it and pretend to agree with the government .
For this reason , people writing Simple English articles should put in `` interwiki links '' to and from the other Wikipedias .
State University is free as well .
He said that without power , a leader could do nothing .
All the children are required to go to school from six to twelve years old , and nearly everybody are able to read and write at least .
Many people from different cities and countries come to Beijing to look for better chances to find work .
A peace movement is a social movement that seeks to get ideals such as the ending of a particular war -LRB- or all wars -RRB- , minimize inter-human violence in a particular place or type of situation , often linked to the goal of achieving world peace .
They had a staff of what we call ` civil servants ' and the advice of the Roman Senate .
The cattle all escaped .
They also wanted computers to run more than one program at a time .
Above ground , the trunk gives height to the leaf-bearing branches , aiding in competition with other plant species for sunlight .
It is one of the colors of the rainbow .
They made armies , tax systems and embassies all to help make them more powerful and stable .
Horses , elephants , oxen , and donkeys are usually made to work , so they are not usually called pets .
However , historians are now reviewing the topic after the rediscovery in 1998 of the `` Neptune papers '' -LRB- historical documents from the Royal Greenwich Observatory -RRB- , which had seemingly been stolen by astronomer Olin Eggen for nearly three decades and were only rediscovered -LRB- in his ownership -RRB- right after his death .
In general it is agreed there are seven continents : Africa , Antarctica , Asia , Europe , North America , Australia , and South America .
The thickness of hair , its color and its tendency to curl are all inherited .
There are many different moralities , but they share some things .
Culture is usually a major source of the principles behind many laws , as people tend to trust the ideas based on family and social habits .
There was a communist revolution in Russia and after 1922 Russia was a part of the Soviet Union .
Cheese is important for its long life , and high content of fat , protein , calcium , and phosphorus .
He felt that God had told him in a dream to make an international language .
General relativity provides of a set of ten nonlinear partial differential equations for the spacetime metric -LRB- Einstein 's field equations -RRB- that must be solved from the distribution of mass-energy and momentum throughout the universe .
However , the Christians did not tear down the mosques .
To cry about something but without actually caring .
The culture and politics of these regions were influenced by France .
Extremely sweet apples with hardly any acid taste are popular in Asia and India .
Meanwhile , on separate and different reason , Adams suggested changing the name Georgian to Uranus , while Leverrier -LRB- through the Board of Longitude -RRB- suggested Neptune for the new planet .
Once the food is made in the leaf , it is transported to the other parts of the plant such as stems and roots .
There are bigger computers that many people at a time can use .
It is a huge storm which is bigger than the entire Earth .
Different miles have been used throughout history in various parts of the world .
The English word `` calculate '' comes from the same Latin word .
In old times people in different parts of the world kept separate histories because they did not meet each other very often .
This means that politicians are dishonest , if the word ` politician ' is opposite to ` honest ' .
People often make artworks that are about their religion , or that are used in religious celebration , or are put in a religious building .
With a library card , people can borrow books and take them home for several weeks .
Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify you as the publisher of these copies .
These philosophers do not think that ethics is the same for all people .
Chemical elements are also given a unique chemical symbol .
For example , in a book of poetry it would be easy to label some poems as licensed under the GFDL and some not licensed under it .
This was more accurate than the Rutherford model .
He should also be an authority when it comes to answering questions on religion .
As light particles reach the camera over time , they hit the same place making it brighter and more visible then the background , until it can be seen .
At last , a boy , William Hicks , who was up the mast spotted land on the horizon .
Jupiter is twice as massive as all the other planets in the Solar System put together .
Every year , though , a few who are brave enough to ask for changes are killed or prisoned .
On July 7 , 1937 , the Japanese attacked the rest of the country , starting what was named the Sino-Japanese War .
The Atlantic has a major effect on the weather in the north and west .
If a person bangs saucepans or pots in a rhythmic way , they are making a simple type of music .
You can carry a sword , and you can carry a cross -LRB- for Christianity -RRB- ; your whole history is full of the great things you have done .
But there are a few very small countries , such as the island of Jersey , where most politicians do not belong to any party and where parties do not matter much .
This union is known as Britain .
There are also very sunny times , but nobody can know ahead of time when these will be .
Another example , like the income example presented for the mean , consider a room with 10 people who have incomes of $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 20 , $ 40 , $ 50 , $ 60 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 90 , $ 100 , and $ 1,000,000 , the median is $ 55 because $ 55 is the average of the two middle numbers , $ 50 and $ 60 .
Some examples of commodity money are cattle , silk , gold and silver .
When it gets hot on the surface water evaporates and becomes steam or water vapor .
Most resources are limited .
Comparing various creation myths and world views from all over the world is part of anthropology .
A philosophy is a way of thinking about the world , the universe , and about people .
Humans have a problem with math .
The hunting license usually says when a person may hunt .
Scarcity in economics is used to describe the lack of various forms of capital .
Chemical compounds are broken down by a chemical reaction .
Not all philosophies ask the same questions .
Timur 's successors , the Timurids -LRB- 1405 â `` 1507 -RRB- , were great patrons of learning and the arts who enriched their capital city of HerÄ t with fine buildings .
It was built mostly during the Victorian era .
Atoms of the same element , whose nuclei contain a different number of neutrons , are said to be different isotopes of the element .
A dimension is a measure of the size of something .
Italy started fighting as an ally of France and the UK , but Italian soldiers did not know who to shoot .
Observational astronomy uses telescopes and cameras to observe or look at stars , galaxies and other astronomical objects .
Las Vegas is also known for its many casinos , decorated with various bright colors .
In the front is the holiest part of the synagogue , the Ark. .
Sometimes , Aborigines would name a person after an animal , and they could not eat that animal to help level out the food population .
On this day , the moon becomes the full moon .
It is not known why the dark spot disappeared .
Because of this , getting married in June was thought to be lucky .
Ecology starts many powerful philosophical and political movements - including the conservation movement , wellness movement , environmental movement , and ecology movement we know today .
However , you may accept compensation in exchange for copies .
This article is not about people 's `` personal philosophies . ''
When infectious diseases break out , washing hands may be especially important .
A proper noun is a noun that has the first letter capitalized .
In 1803 English philosopher John Dalton suggested that elements were tiny , solid spheres made of atoms .
The person who gives the service can get another service in return .
Jargon is a special way to use words that are shared only by a certain group of people .
They can be divided into three groups : nine narrow main rings -LRB- 6 , 5 , 4 , Î , Î , Î , Î , Î , Î -RRB- , two dusty rings -LRB- 1986U2R \/ Î , Î '' -RRB- and two outer rings -LRB- Î 1\/4 , Î 1\/2 -RRB- .
Everything in a galaxy moves around a center .
It is said that the word `` googol '' was chosen as a name for this number because it sounded like baby talk .
In Aristotle 's book The Physics , Aristotle divided Ï Î Ï Î Î 1\/2 -LRB- everything -RRB- into three roughly analogous elements : matter -LRB- the stuff of which the Universe is made -RRB- , form -LRB- the arrangement of that matter in space -RRB- and change -LRB- how matter is created , destroyed or altered in its properties , and similarly , how form is altered -RRB- .
In Hebrew , a synagogue is called beit knesset , which means , a `` house of gathering '' .
Reincarnation is a belief that says that after the body dies , the soul will be born again in another body .
Others thought Australian could be multicultural and accept all cultures .
Many mammals live in cold places .
She began singing in Canada as a teenager in 1990 .
The Simple English Wikipedia also has some articles that are also in the Wiktionary .
He had to choose between going to jail or `` chemical castration '' -LRB- taking female hormones like estrogen to lower his sex drive -RRB- .
Examples of animals living in groups are coyotes , bees , monkeys and more .
The Romans fought many wars against other countries , and enjoyed watching violent sports .
It is the most visited country in the world .
Alsatian , a German dialect is spoken in Alsace and in parts of Lorraine in eastern France .
The metropolis of London includes the City of London , the City of Westminster and many old villages such as Notting Hill , Southwark , Richmond , Greenwich and etc. .
It hosts the headquarters of the OECD , UNESCO and Interpol .
In the electron cloud , it is impossible to know exactly where electrons are .
In the Middle Ages , the Christian church began to use theater as a way of telling the stories from the Bible to people who did not know how to read .
The biggest area was Western Francia .
Some pagan beliefs still remained amongst the Christian beliefs .
Idioms use metaphors , or are metaphors : for example , the English phrase to kick the bucket means to die .
Prokaryotic cells do not have a clear and easy-to-see nucleus , and do not have a membrane , or wall , around them .
It means `` to write about the Earth '' .
Typical galaxies range from dwarf galaxys with as few as ten million -LRB- 107 -RRB- stars up to giants with one trillion -LRB- 1012 -RRB- stars , all orbiting the galaxy 's center of mass. .
But soon they began to farm , and more people came .
The Dutch Governor , van Diemen , sent Abel Tasman on a voyage of discovery and he found Tasmania , which he named Van Diemen 's Land .
There are also some words in American English that are a bit different from British English , e.g. :
It might be very deep and run fast .
Art includes drawing , painting , sculpting , photography , performance art , dance , music , poetry , prose and theater .
Composers were particularly interested in conveying their emotions through music .
Sugar is the most important crop of Cuba , and they may get it from the sugar cane .
Oliver Cromwell became Lord Protector .
This is a witness .
Many years later , the two men argued over who discovered it first .
The study of this system is psychoneuroimmunology .
In the late middle ages , there was a region in the south of Khorasan and along the Sulaiman mountains -LRB- in the west of today 's Pakistan -RRB- which was called `` Afghanistan '' and it was the homeland of Afghans or Pashtuns .
A simple but very slow algorithm could be : drop the cards , pick them up , and check whether they are sorted .
In the United Kingdom there are about 3000 different types of apples .
In addition , dust bands observed between the main rings of Uranus may be similar to the rings of Jupiter .
Egypt is famous for its very old monuments , such as the Pyramids and the Sphinx .
Such high energies are most commonly found in stars like our Sun , which fuses hydrogen for fuel .
This makes Simple English articles a good way to understand difficult articles from the ordinary English Wikipedia .
Angels do not have the ability to sin .
They also have a slightly pink color .
The most conservative Islamic groups , like Wahhabis , still avoid building minarets .
They see them as simply a fancy decoration and unnecessary .
The seeds are inside the soft body of the ovary .
People have about 100,000 strands of hair on their head .
Belgium -LRB- BelgiÃ `` in Dutch , Belgique in French and Belgien in German -RRB- is a country in Europe .
An activity is illegal if it breaks a law or does not follow the laws .
Belgium has three main geographical regions : the coastal plain in the north-west and the central plateau are part of the Anglo-Belgian Basin ; the Ardennes uplands in the south-east are part of the Hercynian orogenic belt .
Examples of natural resources are air , water , wood , crude oil , solar energy , wind energy , hydro-electric energy , and coal .
He also changed tongue to tung : that did not stick .
The belief that there is at least one god is usually called theism .
Many Church people who had the power to speak out at that time , did so , and they said many of the same things as we would say today .
All sounds are made by vibrations .
They are called by different names in different religions .
Neptune once had a huge storm known as the `` Great Dark Spot '' which was discovered in 1989 by Voyager 2 .
These grow in concentric circles and overlap in a head to tail direction like roof tiles .
The lines are written working from the right to the left of the page .
There are four things that determine what a protein will do .
The rulers of these countries often hired leading architects to design these mosques .
Finding inner peace is often associated with traditions such as Buddhism and Hinduism .
The meaning of the sapphire is love .
People who want to learn to dance can go to dance schools .
Economics looks at how people try to make use of limited resources to get what they want .
Underground rivers form in places where there are lots of cracks in the rocks above , so that in rainy weather , the water runs downs and collects in small underground streams .
What Giovanni actually saw were the scratches on his telescope lense .
A plastic is a material that can change its shape , so many things can be made of plastic .
The rings of Uranus were discovered on March 10 , 1977 , by James L. Elliot , Edward W. Dunham , and Douglas J. Mink .
This style was heavily influenced by the Byzantine religious architecture with its use of large central domes .
There are several meanings of the word sense .
Economists are strongly influenced by the times they live in .
The secondary part of civil law is the legal approaches that are part of custom .
In the 1900 's the Republic Ireland became independent of the United Kingdom , but Northern Ireland chose to remain part of Britain .
Captain Cook saw the Aboriginal people with their simple way of life .
Ink is a liquid that we use to write , draw , print , or make marks .
The rescue services also managed to provide shelter and emergency fodder for 200 head of cattle .
Books , music , and movies are kept on shelves in a special order so they are easy to find .
November 's flower is the Chrysanthemum .
To `` put anyone to death without cause '' , called murder , may mean all killing including execution and war , or exclude these .
Pictures created in Adobe Illustrator can be made bigger or smaller , and look exactly the same at any size .
It may take years of practice to become an experienced and flexible dancer .
The planet was the first to be discovered by mathematical calculations instead of using a telescope .
The Indian subcontinent has been colliding with the Eurasian continent .
This may be because they involve people .
Periodic events are those that happen regularly in a repetitive way .
It starts with the first day of the Chinese lunar year and ends with the full moon fifteen days later .
In 2008 , RaÃ l Castro became the official president of Cuba .
Other philosophers think that ethics is separate from morality .
In France there are many different climates .
Throughout history many different groups of people have migrated through or invaded the land that is now Afghanistan .
Let 's say we have a function y = f -LRB- x -RRB- .
Individual specific ` eras ' - this is the term meaning long amounts of specific time - can be mentioned :
Grammar means the rules about how to speak and write in a language .
We can not call this point one , as there is already a point called one .
It is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council and has veto rights .
However , while ground nutrients are needed for a tree 's growth the majority of its biomass comes from carbon dioxide absorbed from the atmosphere -LRB- see photosynthesis -RRB- .
The word `` boot '' is also used to describe how a computer starts up when a person presses the `` on '' button .
They think that the artist put his or her `` talent '' into the art .
When we use a metaphor very often and we forget the old meaning , or forget that the two meanings are connected , this is a ` dead metaphor ' .
In solid materials the atoms are tightly next to each other so they vibrate , but are not able to move -LRB- there is no room -RRB- as atoms in liquids do .
It represents a single item .
In the south , winters are cool and wet .
Rain falls throughout the year , and more on the west than the east .
Except Wikimedia , Wikia is also another company that uses MediaWiki greatly for people to contribute information .
Some of the rules are defined by laws , and others are defined by traditions -LRB- doing things in the way they have been done for a long time -RRB- .
These people often continue to use American English in everyday life .
The Great Lakes are five very big lakes in eastern North America .
In many ways humans and nature can be said to be in conflict .
Each of them however has a different idea what democracy really means .
There was also plenty of music not written for the church , such as happy dance music and romantic love songs .
The bottom of the foot is called the sole .
Therefore , art is made when a human expresses himself or herself .
Often , the word `` mathematics '' is made shorter into maths -LRB- in British English -RRB- or math -LRB- in American English -RRB- .
This is called product stewardship .
He also talks in his plays about things we still think about today , like love , sadness , hope , pride , hatred , jealousy , and foolishness .
Google makes an important , though shrinking , percentage of its money through its friends like America Online and InterActiveCorp .
This meant that a lot of grass grew back , but not many big trees .
Many underground rivers flow out through a cave mouth to become an ordinary river .
Other periods are longer .
Typically Earth scientists will use tools from physics , chemistry , biology , chronology and mathematics to understand the Earth , and how it evolved to its current state .
Written grammar changes slowly but spoken grammar is more fluid .
The government does not approve of this , because it may reveal the lies that the government told the people in Cuba about how wonderful this life is .
August is in summer , after July and before September .
Marxism was popular in Europe in the 1960s and 1970s .
The great dancer Nijinsky used some of these ideas in his choreography for the ballet Le Sacre du Printemps -LRB- The Rite of Spring -RRB- , a ballet about the sacrifice of a girl during a primitive celebration of Spring .
`` Suzuki Ichiro '' is a name of a Japanese person .
This makes it the second greatest producer .
All are confined to Australia and New Guinea , and are the sole survivors of an earlier group of mammals .
The idea of special relativity is thought to hold in all of the universe , provided that the spatial and temporal length scales are sufficiently short ; otherwise , general relativity must be applied .
Scientists believe that parts of both planets broke off â '' becoming -LRB- by gravity -RRB- the Moon .
Animals are divided into groups ; see animalia .
Angels in the Bible are usually pictured with wings and a halo .
Only logged-in users can create writeups .
Cuba is famous for many types of music , especially dance music such as the Salsa and Mambo .
Globular clusters are spherical tightly knit balls of stars which are part of the outer halo of the Milky Way .
There are lots of sub-types of state branching off from democracy and dictatorship .
French almanacs promptly reintroduced the name Herschel for Uranus and Leverrier for the new planet .
More often , they use periods , especially the ones that come from the Latin language .
The first of two spacecraft to visit the planet was Mariner 10 , which mapped only about 45 % of the planetâ s surface from 1974 to 1975 .
Things like killing another person , injuring another person , or stealing from another person are crimes in most countries .
People get a fever , feel very tired , have headaches -LRB- pain in the head -RRB- , pain in the stomach , pain in their joints , and pain in the throat .
The conservative government of Maurice Duplessis dominated Quebec politics from 1944 to 1960 with the support of the Catholic church .
Alhazen took many years to prove his claim , that `` light travels through transparent bodies in straight lines only '' .
Some people like to watch other people play sports .
But it would not be easy to label if part of a song was licensed as GFDL and the rest was not , so this would not be allowed .
As a result , the pictures taken by satellite telescopes in visible light -LRB- for example , by the Hubble Space Telescope -RRB- are much clearer than Earth-based telescopes , even though Earth-based telescopes are very large .
A wood-lined pit contained a group of six flutes made from yew wood , between 30 and 50cm long , tapered at one end , but without any finger holes .
Where the complex metaphor uses stacked layers to enhance the metaphor , the compound metaphor uses sequential words .
There are two types of cells .
The myth that glass is actually a liquid comes from the fact that old windows in houses and churches -LRB- 2-300 years old -RRB- are sometimes a little out of shape : thicker at the bottom than the top .
Tobacco is made into cigars by hand .
Scotland has its own devolved Parliament with power to make laws on things like education , health and Scottish law .
The word comes from Ancient Greek , and relates to Î á 1\/4 Î Î Ï oÃ kos `` house '' and Î 1\/2 Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï nomos `` custom '' or `` law '' .
However , the practice of engaging in theft is also called stealing .
Suppose we want to measure the water quality of a big lake .
The earliest electronic computers did not have any operating system .
Some people argue which language is the easiest to spell .
You may also lend copies , under the same conditions stated above , and you may publicly display copies .
There are many kinds of money in the world .
These rocks also look like they fell really quickly through the atmosphere , so it is reasonable to think they came from Mars .
In any event , the spelling of thousands of words now reflects their pronunciation in Geoffrey Chaucer 's time .
Galactic Astronomy is the study of distant galaxies .
The H + ion is taken from the acid by the base .
To many people , cooking is an art .
Acceleration is a vector , and therefore includes both a size and a direction .
Jupiter is the biggest planet in the Solar System with a diameter of 142,984 km .
One common idea C. S. Lewis had about souls that is easy to express , is that a person is a soul , and has a body .
Spain is a country located in Europe .
Some very beautiful music was written for use in church services -LRB- sacred music -RRB- by the Italian composer Giovanni da Palestrina -LRB- 1525-1594 -RRB- .
Limited Resources means that there are never enough resources , or materials , to satisfy , or fulfill , the wants and needs that every person have .
Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord 's Day is the new Sabbath .
-LRB- see Sigma Notation -RRB- .
and in military strength .
Imaginary numbers are formed by real numbers multiplied by the number i. This number is the square root of minus one -LRB- -1 -RRB- .
Soon , Australia 's Aborigines were outnumbered by Europeans , and many were made to live on reserves .
It can also refer to the music sung or played during such a celebration , see Mass -LRB- music -RRB- .
Compound metaphors are like a multiple punch , hitting the listener repeatedly with metaphoric elements .
Before Cuba was conquered by the Spaniards , three tribes lived on the island were the TaÃ nos , the Ciboneys , and the Guanajatabeyes .
Many Christians also believe that Jesus was God 's incarnation on earth .
It is a member of the United Nations and the Arab League .
One of the things that they learned is that gold and lead are made of two different elements , so you can not change one into the other by a chemical reaction .
The word `` atom '' comes from the Greek á 1\/4 Ï Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï , indivisible , from á 1\/4 - , not , and Ï Ï Î 1\/4 Î Ï , a cut .
After the news of the discovery of Neptune spread , there was also a lot of arguing between the French and the British about who was to be deserved credit for the discovery .
They tend to fight back by insulting the other person back .
In addition , these people think that the SUVs are not really as safe as people believe they are .
However , sometimes large random samples are hard to take .
A tragedy is usually about a person who has many good qualities , but has one bad quality -LRB- called a `` tragic flaw '' -RRB- that causes trouble for him , and may cause him , or his family or friends , to be in trouble .
In general , religions other than those mentioned -LRB- Judaism , Christianity , Islam -RRB- do not recognize the Ten Commandments as ethical standards .
Preliminary studies suggest that this dark energy is related to a positive Î , although alternative theories can not be ruled out as yet .
The largest river -LRB- by watershed -RRB- is Kemijoki , 552 kilometers long .
There are many ways to witness .
Its diamter is 2700 km , -LRB- 80 % of Earth 's Moon , Luna -RRB- , its mass is 2.15 Ã -- 1022 kg -LRB- 30 % of Luna -RRB- , its orbital diameter is 354,800 km -LRB- 90 % of Luna -RRB- and its orbital period is 5.877 days -LRB- 20 % of Luna -RRB- .
Differential calculus divides things into small -LRB- different -RRB- pieces and tells us how they change from one moment to the next , while integral calculus joins -LRB- integrates -RRB- the small pieces together and tells us how much of something is made by a change .
Uranus is covered in blue clouds .
Australia started trading more with America , then Japan .
The usual temperature on Mars is usually about 81 degrees below zero , and in the summer , the temperature goes up about 32 degrees .
One reason for confusion about tree damage from construction involves the dormancy of trees during winter .
The communist government gives the people a basic education .
Many kinds of animals have hair or fur on their skin .
There are many types of trees .
In Australia at this time , the trade unions were very strong , and they started a political party , the Australian Labor Party .
The first cities were made in ancient times , as soon as people began to create civilization .
As the universe expanded , its energy density decreased and it became cooler ; as it did so , the elementary particles of matter could associate stably into ever larger combinations .
Then , later that year , it moved to another place , now called the `` Googleplex '' .
Road traffic in the United Kingdom drives on the left hand side of the road -LRB- unlike the Americas and some of the rest of Europe -RRB- , and the driver steers from the right hand side of the vehicle .
The first is the order that the amino acids are in .
Often people call the side with the face `` heads '' , and the other side `` tails '' .
The Earth is the third planet from the Sun .
It has the status of a ` subsidiary official language ' .
If a piece of earth left the atmosphere , it would take along with it lots of cells and bacteria , which are living things .
Many apples are grown in temperate parts of the United States and Canada .
Astronomers assign fields based on what they perceive to be the largest differences between different bodies and phenomena .
They have also won eight gold , one silver and two bronze medals at the Olympic games .
A live metaphor is one which a reader notices .
However , longer ones are affected by the Earth 's rotation , causing a star wheel effect .
Because of the way they orbit Jupiter , gravity affects three of these moons greatly .
Many scientific journals publish a summary for every large article so people who do not have much time can read the main information quickly without spending too much time reading the article .
Many famous people are from Egypt .
In effect , this principle asserts that the gravitational effects of the various galaxies making up the universe are equivalent to those of a fine dust distributed uniformly throughout the universe with the same average density .
The study of politics in universities is called political science , political studies , or public administration .
We have pictures , on pottery and stone , which show dances from several thousand years ago , in Egypt and Greece .
The `` swoosh '' symbol used on their products is a trademark .
This was to try to become the most influential country in the EU .
I do not give to you as the world gives .
The native Hawaiians lead a rural , low-tech life .
Singing , chanting and playing musical instruments are often part of regular religious gatherings of people .
By traveling , an observer can come into contact with a greater region of space-time than an observer who remains still , so that the observable universe for the former is larger than for the latter .
It can hold up to 85,000 people .
For instance it has supplied economic aid and troops for peace-keeping missions in the Ivory Coast and Chad .
Aboriginal people and Inuit groups were the first peoples who lived in what is now QuÃ bec .
Various religions divide the commandments differently .
This part of computer history is called the `` history of programmable machines '' which is a fancy phrase for `` The history of machines that I can order to do different things if I know how to speak their language . ''
Usages include `` get your ass out of here '' , and `` kiss my ass '' , which are usually considered mild .
This article , as well as the one written by Vandermonde on the knight problem , carried on with the analysis situs initiated by Leibniz .
Today , the Prime Minister is David Cameron , who is the leader of the Conservative party .
Numbers are used to study how the world works .
Neptune , is the eighth and last planet from the Sun in the Solar System .
The definition of `` peace '' can vary with religion , culture , or subject of study .
Among them are wolves , foxes , hyenas , jackals , bears , and wild goats .
A ranch is a large farm where animals such as cows , horses or sheep are raised .
The Romans , working over 2000 years ago , copied the arch from the Etruscans , who copied it from the Mesopotamians .
The law is a set of rules that people are supposed to follow in a society or a country .
For example , in some Spanish-speaking countries , people use two last names : their mother 's father 's name and their father 's name .
Detailed information on TPZs and related topics is available at minimal cost from organizations like the International Society for Arboriculture .
In the 9th century , people started living there again .
When people always wear footwear , especially in hot places or when they are very active , their feet can smell badly -LRB- foot odour -RRB- .
In Hinduism , beef is not allowed to be eaten .
They had fine engineering , and built roads , cities , and outstanding buildings .
The winds on Jupiter were already hundreds of kilometres per hour .
55 of these moons are very small and less than 5 km wide .
Because the imperial system and the American system use different gallons , their pints are different also .
Slavery -LRB- also called thralldom -RRB- is an economic system .
The impacts are important because they can result in monetary losses due to tree damage and resultant remediation or replacement costs , as well as violation of government ordinances or community or subdivision restrictions .
The Republic of China does not want the Chinese Nationalist government to govern because the people who live in the ROC want to be able to govern their own country .
The constitution also recognizes 21 other languages .
That is , a person can use differential calculus to undo an integral calculus process .
In the 1970s and 1980s lots of big Australian movies and movie stars became world famous with films like Picnic at Hanging Rock , Gallipoli -LRB- with Mel Gibson -RRB- , The Man From Snowy River and Crocodile Dundee .
The people loved him so much that they did not want the fish to eat his corpse .
This is called coprolalia .
The shape of the body of a fish is important to its swimming .
The vocabulary of VolapÃ 1\/4 k is mostly English , with some words from German and French .
This is helpful because by knowing that it is going to rain , a person can wear the right clothes for it .
Leisure -LRB- or free time -RRB- is when a person can choose what to do .
People who kill others are called murderers .
That idea is called a conjecture until they find a proof .
A is the first letter of the English alphabet .
American English or U.S. English is the dialect of English language spoken in the United States .
If they multiply two negative numbers together they get a positive number .
These rules are usually called laws .
Whitlam made changes , but he made the Senate unhappy and the Governor General sacked him and forced an election in 1975 .
In decimal for it is written as 1.414213 ... Mathematicians have proved that the square root of every natural number is either an integer or an irrational number .
Its news and feature programs are read more slowly than usual , using fewer English words and simple grammar .
Glass is used to make lenses .
He said that compounds are formed when atoms of more than one element combine .
Words that are used are part of a person 's â active vocabularyâ .
Lawyers work in a law firms , for the government , for companies , or by themselves .
She was the last monarch of Hawaii .
Classical physics says that the universe is made of small particles -LRB- points -RRB- which are basically static and unchanging .
Also , there are many fun things you can do with a SUV .
You may add other material on the covers in addition .
Originally Samis were hunter-gatherers .
The reason is that creativity can not be defined - although several attempts have been made , a shared definition of the concept of creativity still comes up short .
A sample job would be seeing how arsenic poisons people .
More than 200 years ago , William Herschel also reported observing rings , but modern astronomers do not believe that he saw them , because they are very dark and faint .
The judiciary is a group of judges who resolve people 's disputes and determine whether people who are charged with crimes are guilty .
This lets most computers have the same operating system , or list of orders to tell it how to talk to the user , while each computer can have its own computer programs or list of jobs to do what its user needs .
Denmark is on the North Sea .
He saw them fishing and hunting and collecting grass seeds and fruit .
Many of them came to the Lower East Side , which had over a million people living in just a few square miles .
Hydrogen has two different isotopes which are heavier types of the Hydrogen atom , they are called : deuterium and tritium .
Trademarks can also be registered .
This means that , no matter which language is spoken , there is no confusion about what the symbol means .
It is linear because none of the variables are raised to a power .
In `` slap stick comedy , '' people just do silly things such as tripping , falling over or embarrassing themselves just to make people laugh .
Today , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland each have their own parliaments as well , but they have more limited powers .
Car ton bras sait porter l' Ã pÃ e , Il sait porter la croix !
Sound is the term to describe what is heard when sound waves pass through a medium to the ear .
Mao Zedong has been in power , although for a long period of time he did not have official position in the government , as the leader of China until he died in 1976 .
Microsoft makes Windows , Microsoft Office -LRB- including Microsoft Word -RRB- , Internet Explorer , MSN , and the Xbox 360 .
The strings are very small , yet they seem to act like regular particles .
After the Romans left Britain , no-one lived in the city for a long time because the Anglo-Saxons liked living in the countryside .
A big space was cleared on the ship so that the person doing the whipping had a lot of room to swing the cat .
The people who lived in the city were privileged over those who did not .
Jupiter has 63 known moons .
Copyright -LRB- C -RRB- 2000,2001,2002 Free Software Foundation , Inc. 59 Temple Place , Suite 330 , Boston , MA 02111-1307 USA Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document , but changing it is not allowed .
Asia and Europe have used winter apples as an important food for thousands of years .
As works in the same way as example 2 - comparing two things using either the word `` like '' or the word `` as '' is called making a simile -LRB- As big as an elephant -RRB- .
Only about a third said they were active members -LRB- 36.8 % -RRB- .
Many of the early printers came from the continent of Europe , and brought other spelling norms to England .
Bi-modality is very common and often indicates that the data is the combination of two different groups .
It is the official language of the union .
The 92 hereditary peers are the only elected members of the House of Lords : they are elected by the larger total of hereditary peers .
However , it can react with tungsten , iodine , fluorine , sulfur and phosphorus under very special conditions .
For every other place on Earth there is a government that claims sovereign control over it .
As these continents push against each other , they buckle and bend .
The Aboriginal people did not use metal or make pottery or use bows and arrows or weave cloth .
God , please keep our land good and free !
String theory is the name for a number of mathematical models that want to find a common explanation for the four main forces that have so far been observed in nature .
A university can include several campuses , or different places where classes are taught .
However , on smaller length-scales , matter is observed to form ` clumps ' , many atoms are condensed into stars , most stars into galaxies , most galaxies into galaxy groups and clusters and , lastly , the largest-scale structures such as the Great Wall of galaxies .
About two thirds of these people die because of reasons related with age .
An important alternative approach to biological classification is cladism , a strict approach which is based on out knowledge of the course of evolution .
Even though jazz musicians are making up the music , jazz music still has rules ; the musicians play a series of chords -LRB- groups of notes -RRB- in order .
The first Prime Minister of Australia was Edmund Barton in 1901 .
This led to the criminalization of the Jewish Sabbath .
One group has five of these objects .
In the search for extrasolar planets , Neptune has been used as a reference to determine the size and structure of the discovered planet .
When people played instruments , they were usually playing for dancers .
Some theories are built around holes in evolutionary theory , as well as order and complexity in the world .
The war later became part of World War II .
Almost all mammals give birth to live young .
Mixtures are substances where chemicals are mixed but not reacted .
He also wrote the well-known poems , If â '' and Gunga Din .
Recently , scientists found an old meteorite that had landed near the Earth 's South Pole and decided it had come from Mars .
As a whole , the ring system of Uranus is unlike either the faint dusty rings of Jupiter or the broad and complex rings of Saturn , some of which are composed of very bright materialâ '' water ice .
The first social contracts were written by philosophers such as John Locke and Jean-Jacques Rousseau .
A sample job would be making an integrated circuit .
This means the temperature is about the same most of the year .
It was started by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
We call them folkloric dances .
Italy entered the war in 1940 as an ally of Germany and Japan against France , Great Britain , and Russia .
In most countries , police try to stop crimes and to find criminals .
Islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .
In the past , people went by different rules .
To pass legislation , a majority of Members of Parliament must vote for a bill in each house .
One large collection of over 2,100 apple cultivars is at the National Fruit Collection in England .
For example 5 - -LRB- -3 -RRB- is the same as 5 + 3 , and equals 8 .
It once was the largest city in Canada , before Toronto grew to be larger .
Chemical symbols of elements come from their English or Latin names .
August to October is also the hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean .
The complex numbers can be drawn on a number plane .
When this happens the nucleus has to get rid of the excess mass or particles .
Non renewable resources can not be recycled .
In the United States , there are two kinds of attorneys - `` transactional '' attorneys who write contracts and `` litigators '' who go to court .
When a person hears a witness and decides that they will join the religion , this is called a `` conversion '' .
The legislature is the branch of government that writes laws , and votes on whether they will be approved .
People have hair that is longer and easier to see on some parts of their bodies , such as the tops of their heads and men 's beards .
The government of Quebec has its offices in the capital , Quebec City , one of the oldest cities in North America .
The Queen is Margrethe II .
Other parts come from Leibniz , such as the symbols used to write it .
It is more than three thousand kilometres long .
During the Epic and Puranic periods , the earliest versions of the epic poems Ramayana and Mahabharata were written from about 500 â `` 100 BCE , although these were oral transmitted for centuries before this period .
With glowing hearts we see thee rise The True North strong and free , From far and wide , O Canada , We stand on guard for thee .
Electrons have a negative charge and the nucleus always has a positive charge , so they attract each other .
An ordinary year has 365 days .
In English , nouns can be singular or plural .
These giant cities can be exciting places to live , and many people can find good jobs there , but modern cities also have many problems .
Smaller SUVs that look like cars may be shorter and use better tires , but they still have big , fuel-inefficient , polluting engines .
Italy is divided into 20 Regions -LRB- Regioni in Italian -RRB- and every Region is divided into Provinces .
Australian soldiers also helped the United Nations in countries like East Timor in 1999 .
Solar Astronomy is the study of the Sun .
Meanwhile , the Newtonian dynamics -LRB- equations -RRB- showed how the Solar System worked .
Fields are often themselves further sub-divided into sub-fields and so on .
France has the second-largest Exclusive Economic Zone -LRB- EEZ -RRB- in the world .
This formula applies to the coordinates of the graph or .
It belongs to the Romance language group , which includes Italian and Spanish .
Most of the predictions from these theories are numerical .
This is the most harmless form .
If the user wanted the computer to run a different program , the user had to wipe out the first program from memory and then load another program into memory .
Some rivers flow underground through caves .
In politics , a common question is how often the government should use financial capital .
For example , the English language spoken in India , which has more than one billion people , will add more American English words to go along with its British English base and many other words adopted into English usage in India from from any of the 200 + Indian languages .
The Kabul River provides water for the fertile valleys and basins around Kabul and Jalalabad .
At first they had the Articles of Confederation but the Articles seemed too weak so they were replaced with today 's Constitution .
Captain James Cook is given credit for discovering the islands for the Europeans in 1778 .
Both the minaret and the bell tower serve the same purpose â '' to call the faithful to prayer .
There were severe snow storms through out China in the Winter of 2009-2010 .
Sometimes a fourth dimension , time , is used to show the position of an event in time and space .
Anyhow , Neptune gives out more energy than it gets from the Sun , and the internal energy source of these winds remains undetermined .
The apple tree has a broad crown with thick twigs .
The First Republic was from 1918 to 1938 , the Second Republic has been from 1945 .
The evaporation of water from pores in the leaves pulls water through the plant .
Black is a color associated with fear and the unknown -LRB- black holes -RRB- .
The ground there is red because of iron oxide -LRB- rust -RRB- in the rocks and dust .
There will also usually be a big room for special events .
During the 19th century , soap was transported in wooden boxes .
Can also refer to a bad situation -LRB- `` I had a bitch of a time '' -RRB- .
Child slavery has commonly been used when making cash crops and mining .
Human music may echo these phenomena using patterns , repetition and tonality .
Pashtuns are also related to the Iranian peoples .
France spends 2.6 % of its Gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- on defense .
Many coins have a picture of the face of a famous person on one side , and something else on the other side .
These rules leave out information that is not important so that a single rule can cover many situations .
Instead they defined a new category of dwarf planet , into which Pluto did fit , along with some others .
People can listen to music on CDs , Computers , iPods , television , the radio , cassette\/record-players and even mobile phones .
For example , many things most people believe are wrong - agreeing is not truth .
Therefore , these people say , human science should focus on it : Ethics for example would focus on finding creative solutions to ethical dilemmas .
Some of these are Guarani , Mapudungun and Quechua and even Welsh in Patagonia .
After seeing the horrors of war , these playwrights felt that all their old values had been destroyed .
The noises produced by work such as pounding seed and roots into meal is a possible source of rhythm created by early humans .
It is a science .
This may of course also serve to defend the territory .
It is also prohibited to cut wheat or shear sheep .
It is a very dense planet due to the large size of its core .
The visit is the only attempt to investigate the planet from a short distance .
Afghanistan is a mountainous country and mountains cover about four fifths of Afghanistan .
The Soviet Army lost more than 10,000 soldiers in Afghanistan , and millions of Afghans left the country for Pakistan and Iran .
Euler 's formula was about the number of edges , vertices , and faces of a convex polyhedron was studied and generalized by Cauchy and L'Huillier , and is at the origin of topology .
Uranus is named after the Greek god Uranus , who was a god of sky .
Its President is Giorgio Napolitano and its Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi .
It has also happened that some words used in Anglo-Saxon for bodily functions became thought of as profanity or rude after they were replaced by Latinate words like `` urinate '' , `` defecate '' and `` copulate '' - which polite people were supposed to use after the Norman invasion of England in 1066 .
Mosques or the community usually provide meals at times through the night .
In that model , all matter was in rotating spheres centered on the Earth ; according to Aristotle , the rotation of the outermost sphere was responsible for the motion and change of everything within .
Other large cities in the UK are Birmingham , Bristol , Manchester , Liverpool , Newcastle upon Tyne , Leeds , Sheffield , Glasgow , Southampton , Leicester , Coventry , Bradford and Nottingham .
Another use of spirit means the main purpose or meaning of a sentence or document .
Beijing means `` the northern capital '' in the Chinese language .
In 2006 and 2007 , surveys ranked Denmark as `` the happiest place in the world , '' based on standards of health , welfare , and education .
They called this number i , or the imaginary unit .
People made tools to help them remember where they were in a math problem .
Bodies are things in the Universe , whether it is a planet like our Earth or a galaxy like our Milky Way .
This is because people get bored easily doing the same thing over and over .
Tajiks are the second-largest group , making up about one third of the population .
With natural numbers , it tells you the number of tiles in a rectangle where one of the two numbers equals the number of tiles on one side and the other number equals the number of tiles on the neighbouring side .
Its birthstone is the emerald .
Marco 's Kingdom was Fylburia in Eastern Europe , etc. .
Native American peoples were killed by diseases brought by the Spaniards , but most Spaniards did not know this .
According to the prevailing Standard Model of physics , all matter is composed of three generations of leptons and quarks , both of which are fermions .
Sometimes the people who offer these free services use advertising to make money from them .
land -LRB- Finnish Ahvenanmaa -RRB- .
India has a higher rate of malnutrition among children under the age of three -LRB- 46 % in year 2007 -RRB- than any other country in the world .
For this reason , the obligation to keep the Sabbath is not the same for Christians as for Jews .
This can not be found out , because it is not possible to create the same amount of pressure on Earth .
France is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation -LRB- NATO -RRB- .
The family name Ono is mostly shared by the paternal -LRB- male -RRB- part of the family .
Others can be changed by heating them up or even by melting them .
-LRB- 1.4 % of the total population -RRB- Only 50,000 are Italian citizens .
An abbreviation is a shorter way to write a word or phrase .
It is also possible that there are also pieces of the earth on Mars .
It is a parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy with Elizabeth II as Queen of Australia and Head of State and a Governor General who is chosen by the Prime Minister to carry out all the duties of the Queen in Australia .
Other languages spoken in India come from the Austro-Asiatic group .
Only men were accepted until 1681 .
The first generation of martial art started more for the purpose of survival and warfare than art .
Other sorts are `` French andouille '' and `` German andouille '' ; they are less spicy than Cajun .
Mercury does have what is known as an exosphere .
The ingredients include pig 's blood , suet , bread , barley and oatmeal .
Afghanistan is approximately 251,826 square miles -LRB- 652,230 square kilometers -RRB- in area .
When the decibel number increases by 10 , the intensity is ten times as much .
This has been named dark matter .
People have lived in Australia for about 40,000-60 ,000 years .
Otherwise they must appear on printed covers that bracket the whole aggregate .
Examples are the icy moons of the outer planets of the Solar System -LRB- like Triton -RRB- .
Another important type of music was the string quartet , which is a piece of music written for two violins , a viola , and a violoncello .
These include animals like the kangaroo , the koala , the emu , the kookaburra , and the platypus .
But in 1941 lots of Australian soldiers were captured in the Fall of Singapore by Japan .
To fry food is to cook it in hot butter or vegetable oil .
Europeans did not land on Oahu until 28 February 1779 when Captain Clerke of the HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay .
A sample job would be to see how much arsenic is in food .
Usually to make the insulter feel like they are superior to the insulted because they feel inferior for some reason .
The term `` Top Cheese '' refer 's to the upper section of the goal net -LRB- near the cross bar -RRB- where the puck can be shot .
It is this force which also holds the quarks together that make up the protons and neutrons .
April 's flower is the Sweet Pea .
Many religions teach that a good person 's spirit can reach a special place of peace and happiness like Heaven or Nirvana , and that a bad person 's spirit can travel to a place of pain and suffering like Hell .
For example , it may take too long to find the shortest way through all of the towns in the USA - so instead a computer will try to make a close guess .
It was the last of Jupiter 's 63 moons to be discovered by human observation through a telescope .
It was from there , she claims , that Norse paganism developed .
They grow wild in the mountains of Central Asia in the south of Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , and Xinjiang , China , and possibly also Malus sylvestris .
Hawaii is known as the `` Aloha State '' .
It could also be proven that all connected graphs may be represented as a Tree .
They ` own ' the nighttime , since birds are largely diurnal -LRB- daytime -RRB- animals .
From a physics point of view , hydrogen has one proton , and its variants -LRB- atoms that are very like hydrogen -RRB- , deuterium and tritium , also have neutrons .
Often this goes with music , and fits into a certain style .
In a democracy , leaders must `` run for office '' in an election .
Sometimes first language means the language a person speaks best -LRB- his second language is language he speaks less well than his first language , etc -RRB- .
Pork sausages have to be heated until all of the meat inside is cooked .
Neptune 's planetary rings have a weird `` clumpy '' arrangement .
Pakistan and China do not recognize the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir .
The Earth is home to millions of species of plants and animals , including humans .
In some languages and cultures , you can tell if a word is a person 's name or not by just looking at the spelling or listening to its pronunciation .
In English we have just a few : plurals and posessives -LRB- John 's -RRB- are the most common .
Other flutes were also found in the cave .
For example , the Chinese government thinks that Wikipedia is bad .
Cobalt , nickel , iron , copper , and manganese are all on the island .
A university is an institution where teaching and research is done .
In European mythology the best known example is the tree Yggdrasil from Norse mythology .
Gambling was made legal in the state of Nevada in 1931 .
The country is the fifth largest in the world by area .
Both Pashto and Dari -LRB- Persian -RRB- belong to the Indo-European languages , but they are written primarily with the Arabic alphabet .
Larger mosques will normally hold them for their own communities as well as the people from smaller local mosques .
The music played for a set time , and then stopped .
Today Cathars would not be considered heretics .
The middle part of a river is called a `` mature river '' .
He mapped the country as he went , and his maps remained in use for more than 100 years .
Scarcity can be used to describe an economic situation in economics , or it can be used to describe more general situations .
Sometimes people call them `` exoplanets '' .
These were the islands of the Caribbean Sea .
From the 1930s into the 1970s the country was ruled by stable governments with a king as head of state .
The Universe seems to be governed throughout by the same physical laws and physical constants .
Green light , like all light , is formed from waves .
Las Vegas is sometimes called `` Sin City '' because so many people come to the city for gambling and drinking alcohol , two common `` sins '' .
It has the most people of any country in the world -LRB- over 1.3 billion people -RRB- .
Ã -- tzi , a mummy found in a glacier between Austria and Italy , is from that time .
It had a lot of these in 1854 .
When people write a word that is a trademark or show a picture or symbol that is a trademark , they should say that it is a trademark .
Mars has a very thin atmosphere with barely any oxygen -LRB- it is mostly carbon dioxide -RRB- .
The purpose of simple story problems such as this one is to teach algebra .
Often in mathematics , ideas and rules are chosen because they are considered simple or beautiful .
A service is a job or work done for someone else .
Words that really are opposite to each other , would be words that just can not be put together .
The words onsite and offsite refer to work that must take place on the site , or which can take place somewhere else .
They can teach people how to find books and use the library .
Television situational comedies usually show characters who do silly or funny things which make the audience laugh .
Most libraries let people borrow books for several weeks .
The Pope , who was angry , said that he was a prisoner to keep Catholic people from being active in politics .
VolapÃ 1\/4 k became less popular after 1887 when Esperanto was published .
After much delays , Challis began his unwilling search in July 1846 .
It is easier to add up and count money , than to add up the value of different cows or amounts of wheat .
The capital city of the Argentina is Buenos Aires , one of the largest cities in the world , in eastern Argentina .
In the western hemisphere , people know the Mexican and Caribbean sorts better .
Parliament , where laws are made , has three constituent parts : the House of Commons and the House of Lords and the Queen in Parliament .
From the 16th to the early 18th century , Afghanistan was controlled between the Safavids of Persia and Moghul rulers of India .
In Shakespeare 's day a comedy did not mean a play that would make people laugh or that had a lot of jokes .
He said that an element was any basic substance that could not be broken down into other substances by the methods of chemistry .
Finnish and Swedish are the official languages of Finland .
Legislature is a word that comes from the Latin language , meaning `` those who write the laws . ''
So , it is possible to have more than one article -LRB- writeups -RRB- under the same title -LRB- node -RRB- , each by different authors , and presenting different points of view .
It was to wipe out the Cathars almost entirely over forty or so years .
Based on several different ideas of entropy , negentropy also would mean several different things .
Interim means `` in between '' or `` transitional '' -LRB- moving from one time or place to another -RRB- , or `` temporary . ''
It tells you the main things in the movie or article or book in a short way and leaving out the details -LRB- the less important things -RRB- .
The number one is important for computer science because it is , together with zero , a part of the binary numeral system .
Some examples of variables are distance and time .
Alchemists -LRB- people that did alchemy -RRB- did discover some useful things , though .
However , there are also many other places in the west as well as the Islamic world where non-Muslims are welcome to enter mosques .
Communists eventually won the war .
This refers to an early Greek model of the Universe .
The theory imagines that these strings are not precise particles -LRB- unlike things that are seen and counted -RRB- .
The first people who arrived in what is now Australia are called the Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders .
Algebra is a part of mathematics -LRB- frequently just called math or maths -RRB- .
For example , using probability , you can show that if you throw a coin up in the air and let it land , half of the time it will land with one side facing up , and half the time with the other side facing up .
In ancient Rome it referred to all free men , and by extension to all free human beings -RRB- .
This idea was used by the United Nations to defend both South Korea and Kuwait when they were attacked .
In addition to `` elementary algebra '' , or basic algebra , there are advanced forms of algebra , taught in colleges and universities , such as abstract algebra , linear algebra , and universal algebra .
Alan Mathison Turing -LRB- June 23 , 1912 - June 7 , 1954 -RRB- was an English mathematician and computer scientist .
Oahu can be seen in hundreds of movies and TV shows .
Of these , the lumpy-shaped Proteus is the biggest known object that has not been shaped into a sphere by its own gravity .
It is much wider than a `` young river '' , but not as wide as an `` old river '' .
He had decided that Spain should have a king again , and he chose Juan Carlos , the grandson of the king who had been forced to leave the country , to be king .
The special names of the numbers in a subtraction expression are , minuend subtrahend = difference .
One of the main ideas of calculus is that we can imagine having an infinite number of these boxes , each infinitely narrow , and then we would have the exact area of the shape .
In other words , Real peace is more than just problems being gone : there must be fairness to have peace .
It is the length of the circumference divided by the length of the diameter -LRB- Ï equals c divided by d -RRB- .
Hindi is the official language in India with the largest number of speakers .
He wrote many kinds of plays : tragedies , comedies , romances and also history plays .
There are many different kinds of fish .
The guesses are compared to the way the real world works .
This is why there are 365 days in a year .
In 1855 , the right to vote was given to all men over 21 in South Australia .
This means that we are only allowed to copy things from books or from other web pages into the Wikipedia if the writer has said that anyone can copy these things and make changes to them .
The royal couple have two children .
-LRB- Answer : `` It was very good ! '' -RRB-
These mosques have a large dome centered over the prayer hall .
In response , the United States and its allies launched a bombing campaign against the Taliban in October 2001 .
It was founded by the Communist Party of China on 1 October , 1949 .
Some rational numbers , such as 1\/11 , need an infinite number of digits after the decimal point to write them in decimal form .
land archipelago .
Mars is named after the mythological Roman god of war because it is a red planet , which signifies the color of blood .
In the 1960s and 1970s Australia became one of the richest countries in the world , because it could mine a lot of iron and other things from the ground and products like wool that other countries wanted to buy .
It was made after the colonists won their independence from Britain .
In some societies , people think that art belongs to the person who made it , such as Indigenous Aboriginal Australian Art .
For example , if two people are talking about a king named Marco -LRB- not a real king , but let 's pretend -RRB- , they might disagree about many things .
In some parts of the world , like India , the architecture is famous for carving the stone on temples and palaces .
But they can not swim as fast as fish using their bodies & caudal fins .
People often cook meat by boiling , roasting or grilling it .
Symbols are used often in poetry and other types of literature , most often used as metaphors or similes .
The seed will have DNA from the apple that the seeds came from , but it will also have DNA from the apple flower that pollinated the seeds , which may well be a different type .
Sausages often have meat from the animal 's head , lips , cheeks , and other parts .
9th century Roman Catholics from Europe eventually decided to fight to take Spain from the Muslims .
It made most of South Asia into one whole country .
In the United Kingdom , for example , patrol officers form the `` uniform branch '' , while detectives work within the CID -LRB- `` Criminal Investigation Department '' -RRB- .
Every year the government chooses a big number of new people from all around the world to come as immigrants to live in Australia .
The Jews received the commandments after they had left Egypt during the reign of Pharaoh Ramses .
A graph is an abstract representation : A number of points are connected by lines .
There are also other Christian groups in Italy , more than 700,000 Eastern Orthodox Christians .
We can move things from other Wikipedias to here .
The earliest states were just groups of power .
In many religions it is thought important that people should show other people that they are following a particular religion .
This is a demonstrative pronoun used to identify a noun .
E no obis nindukolÃ s in tendadi ; sod aidalivolÃ s obis de bas .
SUVs have become so popular in the United States that the U.S. is using much more gasoline than before .
They have very bad bleeding .
At the beginning , they had worked to teach the so-called `` seven liberal arts '' -LRB- the trivium and the quadrivium -RRB- :
They really believe the image dances work .
At one time , the Factory Act of 1833 limited the workday for woman and children to 11 hours a day .
A hand-made cigar is considered by many people to be the finest in the world .
This galaxy belongs to a local group of three large galaxies and 30 smaller galaxies .
Acids can react with bases .
It is next to France , Luxembourg , Germany , and the Netherlands .
These two equations form a system of linear equations .
Holy fuck ! ''
In 1911 , the monarchy was overthrown by Sun Yat-sen , who started a Nationalist government .
Earth science is an all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet Earth .
They can go to concerts to hear musicians perform .
However they can be traded with people for money or another type of financial capital .
Shortly after its discovery , Neptune was temporarily called as `` the planet exterior to Uranus '' or as `` Le Verrier 's planet '' .
Unlike catastrophes that pull communities together , this epidemic was so terrifying that it broke people 's trust in one another .
Sometimes , philosophy tries to answer the same questions as religion and science .
Also with the thin Adams Ring about 63,000 km from the center of Neptune , the Leverrier Ring is at 53,000 km and the wider , smaller Galle Ring is at 42,000 km .
In English , one comes across the word `` knife '' .
France -LRB- French : France -RRB- , officially the French Republic -LRB- French : RÃ publique franÃ aise -RRB- , is a country in Europe .
They found the Murray River , and good land in Victoria .
Many people also use a computer .
For example , when someone buys a computer software application , they also need a license from the creator of the software -LRB- a copyright owner -RRB- allowing the buyer to use the software .
Both laptops and desktops are called personal computers , because one person at a time uses them for things like playing music , surfing the web , or playing video games .
In our modern world , English orthography is still a problem .
To do a survey , we pick a small number of people and ask them questions .
They argue that the custom of meeting for worship on Sunday originated in paganism , specifically Sol Invictus and Mithraism -LRB- in which sun-god worship took place on Sunday -RRB- .
Other meats , like the hot dog , pepperoni , bologna , and salami also are covered with a casing like a sausage 's .
They also combined these styles in new ways .
Making a map can be as simple as drawing a direction on a napkin , or as complicated as showing a census of a whole country .
For example , you can tow a boat with an SUV .
Types of cups include :
They are more likely to do this than Muslim-majority countries of the Greater Middle East .
Because of this , everybody cheers for him when he comes out and speaks .
This is not always exact .
Examples of transparent image formats include PNG , XCF and JPG .
It comes from the Greek oikos = house ; logos = study .
When they announced their discovery , the scientists suggested that the `` finds demonstrate the presence of a well-established musical tradition at the time when modern humans colonized Europe '' .
These are theorems and conjectures that have greatly changed mathematics .
In those days Mac OS was called Macintosh System Software â `` which was shortened to System or SSW -LRB- System Software -RRB- .
In that year laws were passed in Great Britain and Ireland to merge the two states .
Weddings are one example .
It originally was completely dark , but as Voyager came closer to the planet , a bright core developed and is seen in most of the highest resolution images .
The act of killing a living thing can be said to have happened when an outside force , usually another life form , has done something to cause it to die .
They also fought on the Western Front in France and Belgium .
There are different kinds , all with different combinations of pork meat , fat , intestines -LRB- tubes going to the stomach -RRB- , and tripe -LRB- the wall of the stomach -RRB- .
Australia has also hosted the 1938 , 1962 , 1982 and 2006 Commonwealth Games .
In this case no real physical location exists other than the place where the computers are , and one `` goes to the site '' simply by using a web browser to `` go to '' that URL .
Buildings can now be built taller than ever before .
Sydney grew , and new towns were started .
Currently , the chancellor is Werner Faymann .
Here is a list of the provinces , and their standard abbreviations , with their capitals -LRB- the cities where their governments have their offices -RRB- .
The oldest flute ever discovered may be the so-called Divje Babe flute , found in the Slovenian cave Divje Babe I in 1995 .
Japan has many earthquakes .
The word art is used to describe some activities or creations of human beings that have importance to the human mind , regarding an attraction to the human senses .
It turned out that all pulsars and some LMXBs are neutron stars and that the differences were due to the environment in which the neutron star was found .
They start at about US$ 40 , in Mali , for young adult male workers .
To prove they were real physicist James Chadwick and a team of others created the mass spectrometer .
Plants include familiar types such as trees , herbs , bushes , grasses , vines , ferns , mosses , and green algae .
The structure of the inside of Neptune is thought to be very similar to the structure of the inside of Uranus .
The word university comes from the Latin universitas magistrorum et scholarium , roughly meaning `` community of teachers and scholars . ''
Physics is the science concerned with the discovery and characterization of the universal laws which govern matter , movement and forces , and space and time , and other features of the natural world .
The Ten Commandments are not explicitly mentioned in the Qur ` an but each is implied by the following verses in the Quran -LRB- using Jewish numbering -RRB- :
If the data follows the common pattern called the normal distribution , then it is very useful to know the standard deviation .
The New South Wales Legislative Council , was created in 1825 to advise the Governor of New South Wales , but it was not chosen by voters .
Some composers , such as Frederic Chopin wrote subdued , expressive , quietly emotional piano pieces .
However mosque bombings are not limited to Iraq .
A simple metaphor has a single link between the subject and the metaphoric vehicle .
On the beaches of the island are found shells which are the only shells to be classified as gems .
It is a gas giant .
Most fish , and reptiles like snakes and lizards , have scales on their skin .
Almost 7 million people visited in 2000 .
In these sorts of chorizo , the pork is in much smaller pieces .
The history of anatomy dates back to 1600 BCE when Egyptians began studying human anatomy .
Aquaculture was developed a long time ago in China and aquaculture supplies for over 20 % of all the seafood harvested .
Additional namespaces can be added using the settings file from the installation of MediaWiki .
Because things are scarce , people have to make choices about how to spend their resources on the different resources they want .
She likes to eat her `` own cake '' ; Piss This term refers to urination , and can be used in the form `` Piss off '' .
There are also people who take the role of `` pastor '' and spend their life caring for other people .
There are probably over 170 billion -LRB- 1.7 x1011 -RRB- galaxies within distance we can see or the observable universe .
For example , a very short child can not play a full size double bass , because the double bass is over five feet high .
Cooking is a process to make food ready to eat by heating it .
Midsummer is celebrated with a huge bonfire in the evening of June 23 .
There are many variations on these positions , and sometimes different names for some of them .
Many people disagree on how to define art .
Corporate and government sponsorship of many sports and elite athletes is common in Australia .
Fourier analysis in astronomy uses the techniques of Fourier analysis in mathematics to see if an observation -LRB- over a length of time -RRB- is changing periodically -LRB- changes like a wave -RRB- .
Saudi citizens have also given a lot of money to mosques in the Islamic world , especially in countries where they see Muslims as poor and oppressed .
A mnemonic , or a saying to help a person remember something , for that is `` King Phillip Came Over From Greater Spain '' , `` King Phillip Came Over For Good Spaghetti '' , and King Phillip Cried Out `` For Goodness Sake '' .
We use it when walking , and it is important for balance : it helps us stand straight .
One difference between Neptune and Uranus is the level of meteorology activity that has been observed -LRB- seen or measured -RRB- .
In 1992 , Armenia and Azerbaijan had a war over the land of Nagorno-Karabakh .
Another example is the statement that there is no cabal .
However , the people of province are still divided as to it 's place in Canada .
The regions are Hovedstaden , Midtjylland , Nordjylland , SjÃ lland , Syddanmark and a total of 98 municipalities -LRB- Danish : kommuner -RRB- .
Obligations to neighbors in Islam are very strict , and specific .
Because of that , people have always been able to see it from Earth .
In nature , it is mostly found as a part of water .
Most summers are not very hot .
The binary number system is also called the base two number system .
These are done after the fourth required prayer of the day .
India 's economy is diverse .
Other martial arts such as judo , karate , and kendo are also very popular , but baseball has the most fans in Japan .
This means keeping the blood and fluids from people with Ebola from touching other people .
The region of Madrid has quite a dry climate .
Before 1861 , Italy was not a state .
He was the first person to think of using a computer for different things .
One person might say , `` Marco was a good king '' .
Since China had cut itself off from the world over the previous few centuries , it had fallen behind other countries in technology , and was helpless to stop this from happening .
The word ` Cathar ' comes the Greek word katharos meaning ` unpolluted ' -LRB- from Tobias Churton , The Gnostics -RRB- or `` the pure ones '' .
Fungi and non-green algae are not classed as plants .
A Sepsis happens when the bacterium enters the bloodstream .
The leaves of a tree are green most of the time , but they can come in many colors , shapes and sizes .
Spain became a society of very rich and very poor .
In other societies , people think that art belongs to no one .
The Roman numeral is I.
A person could be sentenced to death for stealing a loaf of bread .
The world 's first feature-film was the Australian movie The Story of the Kelly Gang of 1906 .
Most of the people of Afghanistan opposed the Soviet presence .

It is known for its numerous rainforests and jungles .
Louis-Napol Ã on was removed after the defeat in the Franco-Prussian war of 1870 .
Four of the Great Lakes are on the border between Canada and the United States of America .
Although this distinction can be found in older writings , it is of little recent interest as quantum effects are now understood to be of importance even in fields previously considered classical .
Iwan mosques are famous for their domed rooms and iwans .
Both mathematics are just as good to explain what we can see .
The word comes originally from the Greek Theatron , meaning roughly , ' a place to behold ' .
French cuisine has influenced the style of cooking throughout Europe , and its chefs work in restaurants throughout the world .
Other islands have more than one countries , such as Borneo and Hispaniola .
They are often made from oil that comes out of the ground .
The system of rail transport was invented in England , so the United Kingdom has the oldest railway network in the world .
When this happens , it is called the `` delta '' of the river .
One of the people who were leading the freedom movement was Mahatma Gandhi , who only used peaceful tactics , including a way called `` ahimsa '' , which means `` non-violence '' .
A person may be both a priest and a pastor .
Similarly , the end of the 1960s saw the start of the building of dedicated observatories at Mauna Kea in Hawaii , a good site for visible and infra-red telescopes thanks to its high altitude and clear skies .
The oldest part of the city , the island of Manhattan , still has its original Lenape Native American name .
It is no longer the largest non-Christian group .
But most Australian live in cities where this is not a problem .
The road network on the island of Great Britain is extensive , with most local and rural roads having evolved from Roman and Medieval times .
This was a time when people became very interested in ancient Roman and Greek art -LRB- often called the `` classics '' -RRB- .
This is all numbers but for imaginary numbers .
More than three million people live in the Montreal region .
Jupiter is the fastest spinning planet in the Solar System .
Many rows of columns were needed to support such roofs ; this is called `` hypostyle architecture '' .
This method will work , but it will often take a very long time .
Either many people speak those languages , or they have been recognized to be very important for Indian culture .
But it is not correct to see hydrogen as a fuel if it is used in a fuel cell .
Another form of slavery still happening today is forced child labor .
Often music described a feeling or told a story using sounds .
It is also important for culture : media , entertainment , fashion , and art .
Imagine a driver trying to figure out a car 's speed using only its odometer -LRB- distance meter -RRB- and clock , without a speedometer !
Immunology is the study of the immune system .
Hydrogen is also a part of water .
The alternative -LRB- other -RRB- name , `` Net '' came from `` Inter -LRB- net -RRB- '' .
Pollen is needed for plants to produce seeds .
God keep our land glorious and free !
Memory is sometimes listed as an eighth sense , although it seems not to detect things from outside , but reconstruct them from inside the brain , and sometimes from muscle memory .
In the late 1800s there was a revolt , known as the First Spanish Republic .
The United States and other anti-Soviet countries supported the mujahideen .
People who belong to other religions may be threatened , put in jail or murdered .
The grammar is based on Indo-European languagesEsperanto .
About 60 % of the works of art of the world are in Italy .
3 .
That is becoming less true .
Unlike all other large planetary moons , Triton has a retrograde orbit , showing that the moon was probably captured , and maybe was once a Kuiper belt object .
They also make TV shows dedicated to proving the existence of ghosts , often investigating cases where a person has seen one or visiting a place of sighting .
Before we can describe the world with statistics , we must collect data .
They are only able to buy rationed foods or goods .
The Latin word was used by Cicero and later Latin authors in many of the same senses as the modern English word is used .
p226
However , there are also species which move mainly using their median and paired fins .
Theatre breaks are a form of short holiday , based around viewing a theatrical show .
Beyond a radius of roughly 40000 light years , the number of stars drops much faster with radius , for reasons that are not understood .
After the `` Caporetto defeat '' , Italy thought they would lose the war .
Many forms of mosques have developed in different regions of the Islamic world .
Picture symbols for different religions are shown in the box in the introduction to this article .
The other group has 3 of these objects .
This is called War of Lapland .
In German , however , all nouns are capitalized .
When other Pacific islands are included , the term is Oceania .
It is the northern part of the Americas .
For example , if Jane wants to know the position of Sally , Sally can give Jane a vector to show the position .
He called it New South Wales , and claimed it for Britain .
The Second Spanish Republic started on 14th of April of 1931 and was celebrated in La puerta del Sol which is the center of the city .
The new leader , Sanford Dole was called the President of Hawaii .
In the qiblah wall , usually at its center , is the mihrab , a niche or depression showing the direction of Mecca .
Many mosques today will put the women behind a barrier or partition or in another room .
Science shows that the Earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
Since auto companies have little reason to change SUVs , they are fuel-inefficient .
Also , a person can use integral calculus to undo a differential calculus method .
The full text of this license is at Text of the GNU Free Documentation License .
Escoffier , however , left out much of the culinary character to be found in the regions of France .
The weather of Neptune has extremely extremely active storm systems .
From its early roots as Anglo-Saxon , it has borrowed words from many other languages : French -LRB- a Romance language -RRB- and Latin are the most frequent donors to English .
Based on spectroscopy , Jupiter seems to be made of similar gases to Saturn .
In 1914 , the First World War started in Europe .
Many Danes have become famous around the world , such as the scientist Ole RÃ mer , who discovered the speed of light , the philosopher SÃ ren Kierkegaard , the author Hans Christian Andersen , the physicist Niels Bohr , and Lars Ulrich from Metallica .
ISO 19011 is the new global accounting standard , replacing accounting standards that were part of ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 .
Sometimes first language , second language and third language show how well one speaks a language , so a person can have more than one first language or second language .
Alternatively , some serious pathogens slip in because their surface is disguised as something the host cell walls can accept .
For instance the trawling method of catching fish very often damages coral that the small fish need to hide from big ones .
Salamis are now sometimes smoked or cooked before air drying .
American mosques host voter registration and civic participation drives .
China is also the home of the well-respected Spa Monastery and Wudang Mountains .
During the renaissance an astronomer named Nicolaus Copernicus thought of a new idea .
Cosmology is concerned with this and other issues of where life fits into models of our universe .
No-one knew how to fix the tools when they broke .
Trademarks are protected by law .
Union with Scotland took much longer ; there were hundreds of years of conflicts between them .
At other times , countries have outlawed far-left parties .
The compound metaphor is also known as a loose metaphor .
Calculus is used to describe things that change such as Nature .
The top part of the carpel contains the stigma .
Also , the intensity of a sound is higher closer to the sound source .
Computers are used to control factories , which in the past were controlled by humans .
Some examples are Arles , Genoese , Hungarian , and Milano salamis .
Later on , emperors grew so weak that the military would just pick one of their generals to be the next emperor .
In this case , a metaphor is not an idiom .
English literature is written by authors from many countries .
There are 60 minutes of arc in one degree or arc -LRB- 60 ' = 1 Â -RRB- .
This might be because of the immune system 's tendency to panic under conditions of high stress , to the detriment of the organism , sometimes attacking it from the inside .
This month was first called Sextilis in Latin , because it was the sixth month in the old Roman calendar .
The two masks , one was smiling , the other crying , often associated with theater represent comedy and tragedy .
This planetary migration is thought to have been responsible for much of the Solar System 's early evolution .
In other religions , there is only one , which is called monotheism .
There are many reasons why SUVs have become popular .
The kangaroos that lived on the plain were a good food supply for the Aboriginal people .
An actor might say `` I am in the theater business '' , or a writer might say `` I write for the theater '' , meaning that they write plays , rather than writing for movies or television shows .
When the war ended , Australia felt that it needed many more people to fill the country up and to work .
The great satire Don Quixote was written about this time .
Today in Greek , metaphor is a trolley -LRB- a thing that is pushed for carrying shopping or bags -RRB- .
Each part in the compound metaphor may be used to signify an additional item of meaning .
E2 users create pages called nodes and add stuff in writeups .
In the German federal Parliament -LRB- or Bundestag -RRB- , six parties have seats .
For example , velocity and acceleration are used by physics to show how things move .
Some of the poorest went to the new colonies in the Caribbean , Central America and South America , mostly to find gold .
Baroque palaces are built around an entrance of courts , grand staircases and reception rooms of sequentially increasing opulence .
An organism is a species if two organisms of the same kind can mate .
Examples of religious food rules are the Kashrut of Judaism and the Halal of Islam , that say that pig meat can not be eaten .
The place where the river flows out into a bigger body of water is called the `` mouth '' of the river .
See list of slang words .
The King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California and the Islamic Cultural Center of Italy in Rome are two of Saudi Arabia 's largest investments in foreign mosques as former Saudi king Fahd bin Abdul Aziz al-Saud gave US$ 8 million and US$ 50 million to the two mosques , respectively .
For example , the Queen Sofia museum has a famous painting by Pablo Picasso , called Guernica .
Argentineans are said to speak Spanish with an Italian accent .
This is five times the distance between Earth and the Sun .
Human computers got bored doing the same math over and over again , and made tools -LRB- mostly mechanical calculating devices like abacuses -RRB- to help them get the answers to their problems .
Also the word kill is very serious , it means that someone might soon meet his death if he is not careful .
Green is a color , the perception of which is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by range with a wavelength of roughly 570-520 nm .
A gallon is a unit of measurement used to measure volume .
Of particular importance to the study of algebra is the study of functions , since functions often appear in equations that we are trying to solve .
Alanis Morissette 's father is French-Canadian .
In the year 2000 , Sydney had the Summer Olympics .
A magnifying glass is a lens through which you can look to make things appear bigger , so you can see them better .
Like many dictators , he created a personality cult about himself .
Hawaii is a U.S. state of the United States .
Tradition was very important in their lives .
Time limits are very important in accounting so that everyone can report their results -LRB- for tax and investment purposes -RRB- at the same time .
The corners of the other are the properties .
It flows between the Canadian province of Ontario and the American state of New York , and through the Canadian province of Quebec .
A person with two copies of the red-haired allele will have red hair , but it will be either auburn or bright reddish orange depending on whether the first gene pair gives brown or blond hair , respectively .
Someone who knows many words is said to have a wide vocabulary .
The many uses for fuck make it one of the most versatile words in the English language .
Most healing processes combine both ways of healing .
The first governments in the colonies were run by Governors chosen by London .
This means that financial capital has a stable value and can be traded in most places and with most people .
They left works of art such as the Venus of Willendorf .
Acceleration can be found by using :
Australia and its Allies won the war but more than 60,000 Australians were killed .
The first apple orchard on the North American continent was said to be near Boston in 1625 .
The mihrab serves as the place where the imam leads the five daily prayers .
The Holy Bible is a combination of the Hebrew Bible , or Torah , and a collection of writings called the New Testament .
He sent his calculations to Sir George Airy , the Astronomer Royal , who asked Adams for an explanation .
So there can be slack in a deadline , so that results do not have to be reported always very fast .
Thousands of islands are part of the Ã
Usually , only about 2,000 words are enough to write a normal article .
Many famous French novels were written in the 19th century by author such as Victor Hugo , Alexandre Dumas and Jules Verne .
These numbers are sometimes written as +1 to show that they are different from the negative numbers .
It is also the predominant form of law in the United States , where many laws called statutes are written by Congress , but many more legal rules exist from the decisions of the courts .
Arguments against the existence of God typically include empirical , deductive , and inductive arguments .
The meaning of the turquoise is prosperity .
Pop music generally has a heavy -LRB- strong -RRB- beat , so that it is good for dancing .
British English often keeps more traditional ways of spelling words than American English .
In the first half of the 20th century , scientists started using computers , mostly because scientists had a lot of math to figure out and wanted to spend more of their time thinking about the secrets of the universe instead of spending hours adding numbers together .
In 1233 , Pope Gregory IX sent Dominican monks to the Languedoc .
All languages have their own grammar .
These are mostly performed while facing another person , and can be meant toward them , or about them .
China -LRB- traditional Chinese : ä å ; simplified Chinese : ä å 1\/2 -RRB- is a cultural region , an ancient civilization , and a nation in East Asia .
Their ideas were also improved by Johannes Kepler and Isaac Newton who came up with the theory of gravity .
France has the eighth largest economy in the world by Gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- -LRB- which takes into account how much it costs to live in different countries and inflation rates -RRB- .
It has existed as a science for about 200 years , and was preceded by natural history .
The largest , and the only one big enough to have the shape of a sphere is Triton , -LRB- pronounced : Ë traÉ tÉ n -RRB- discovered by William Lassell just 17 days after the discovery of Neptune itself .
If the Document does not identify any Invariant Sections then there are none .
After Alexander the great , Greco-Bactrians , Scythians , Kushans , Parthians and Sassanians took over .
In France , the US and Russia , the executive branch has a President which exists separately from the legislature .
New South Wales Legislative Council had its first elections in 1843 , again with some limits on who could vote .
These are similar , but NOT the same , to states in the United States of America , for example .
But this License is not limited to software manuals ; it can be used for any textual work , regardless of subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book .
Plant nutrition is the study of the chemical elements that are necessary for plant growth .
It covers an area of 960 million square kilometers .
In a leap year , it has 29 days .
Because of this , mosque architects used the shape of the bell tower for their minarets .
Chemical elements are commonly arranged in the periodic table .
Spain also has two cities on the north coast of Africa : Ceuta and Melilla .
Maui is also known as the `` Valley Isle '' for the large fertile isthmus -LRB- narrow land connection -RRB- between two volcanoes .
4 .
They are then put on the shelf in number order .
After that it became very dangerous and difficult to use these methods .
After articles are published , other scientists will also check if the same experiments , observations or tests produce the same data again .
They arrange themselves so they face Mecca .
Many do have extra layers from other parts of the flower .
Alanis Nadine Morissette -LRB- born June 1 , 1974 -RRB- is a Grammy Award-winning Canadian-American singer and songwriter .
At first he kept the u in words like color or favor but dropped it in later editions .
For permission to use it outside these terms , one must contact all the volunteer authors of the text or illustration in question .
The climate and topography are not good for winter sports .
For example , the father of John Smith may be Mike Smith .
The other was to fight and defeat Rome 's enemies .
France has borders with Belgium , Luxembourg , Germany , Switzerland , Italy , Monaco , Andorra , and Spain .
There have been different types of slavery , and they have been in almost all cultures and continents .
Scientific research is used to increase knowledge by creating theories based on previous knowledge , and then testing those theories using experiments .
Sharks and other chondrichthyes have placoid scales made of denticles , like small versions of their teeth .
Here are some things that are often found in Japanese names today .
3 .
The planets in the Solar System have names of Greek or Roman gods , apart from Earth , because people did not think Earth was a planet in old times .
The computer 's language is called a programming language .
This is because of Britainâ s history .
One of the most famous hypostyle mosques is the Mezquita de CÃ rdoba in Spain .
Most likely the first rhythm instruments or percussion instruments involved the clapping of hands , stones hit together , or other things that are useful to create rhythm .
The state fish is the reef triggerfish , also called the humu humu nuku nuku apua ` a .
Leader .
They did not dance in formation , but moved round the room as they pleased -LRB- but anti-clockwise -RRB- .
Haydn , Mozart and Beethoven each wrote many famous string quartets .
It is more of a replacement for the power grid .
The `` Smith '' part is the same for all the family .
Well-known examples of the whole Internet being blocked are in North Korea and Myanmar .
Computers can not answer questions when there is not enough information , or when there is no real answer .
This is because males and females have separate average heights of 1.763 m -LRB- 5 ft 9 +1 \/ 2 in -RRB- for men and 1.763 m -LRB- 5 ft 9 +1 \/ 2 in -RRB- for women .
In an ordinary year , February has 28 days .
This means that the person had a beer , and also had a glass of whiskey .
Proving that a certain number is transcendental can be extremely difficult .
These two symbols are called bits .
For example , treating quantity in terms of direction :
Jesuit clerics tried to convert New France 's Aboriginal people to Catholicism .
Someone can make up a piece that tells a story , or just find a nice tune and think about ways it can be changed each time it is repeated .
The only way we can guess about early music is by looking at very old paintings that show people playing musical instruments , or by finding them in archaeological digs -LRB- digging under the ground to find old things -RRB- .
The first residents in Finland hunted animals , instead of farming their food .
Communication is how people share information .
In Palestrina 's music , many singers sing together -LRB- this is called a choir -RRB- .
Most Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox understand this practice as fulfilling the observance of the commandment .
One is a crank bait .
It is very important because ships can sail up the river and through the Great Lakes right into the middle of North America .
Only the Earth 's moon and Venus are brighter .
Other internet encyclopedias accepted writing from non-paying users of the encyclopedia .
In doing so , it gives off heat .
The planets of our own Solar System have been studied in depth by many visiting spacecraft such as Cassini-Huygens -LRB- Saturn -RRB- and the Voyager 1 and 2 .
Pure hydrogen is very uncommon in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Many people moved from farms to cities .
Fidel Castro is 80 years old and was one of the longest serving heads of state .
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II is the queen of the UK and is the head of state .
For example , 2008 is a leap year .
This License applies to any manual or other work , in any medium , that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed under the terms of this License .
It has produced scientists such as Avicenna , Al-Farabi , Al-Biruni , Omar KhayyÃ m , Al-Khwarizmi , and many others who are widely well-known for their significant contributions in various domains such as mathematics , astronomy , medicine , physics , geography , and geology .
Springs are vigorous and the weather can vary from frost to sunshine in a matter of days .
Spain sent many soldiers and businessmen to North and South America , and they took over very large parts of those two continents .
Bureaucrats work within a system of rules , and they make their decisions in writing .
It was made up by the Free Software Foundation -LRB- FSF -RRB- for the GNU project .
Turing also thought of the Turing test .
Views on the importance of these writings vary .
Though Fidel Castro had remained in power , he had passed all duties to his brother Raul after an illness .
Studying how weather happens lets people predict what the weather will be by looking at what is currently happening .
It is a small plant with large leaves .
Gothic cathedrals were among the largest buildings because the gothic arch when combined with buttresses allowed stone buildings to be built taller .
Copper -LRB- II -RRB- chloride is an example .
However , these exceptions can be covered by defining life at the level of entire species or of individual genes -LRB- for example , see kin selection for one way that non-reproducing individuals can still enhance the spread of their genes and the survival of their species -RRB- .
The Greek philosopher Aristotle wrote that humans are a political animal and that ethics and politics are closely linked .
Jainism , Tenrikyo , Wicca , Zoroastrianism , and Pantheism .
However , some people do take their SUVs off the road to explore places that they could not go with a car , and to enjoy the driving .
Version 1.2 , November 2002
It means to measure the land .
It has 31 days .
After every four years , an extra day is added , and the year has 366 days .
It can be used in a mathematical proof about the thing .
-LRB- When n is not 0 -RRB- Example : 7\/7 = 1 .
The signal from these events bounces around the Universe until it seems to come from everyone and varies little in intensity .
In the English language , names exclusively are usually pronounced in correlation with the spelling , however can be pronounced as desired , e.g. John is -LRB- jon -RRB- but can also be -LRB- ned -RRB- .
The rings of Uranus are thought to be relatively young , not more than 600 million years old .
The idea of the Holy Spirit in Christianity , for example , is a universal and shared spirit many souls are part of , and which is expressed on Earth in that faith by `` the Church '' meaning `` the body of Christ '' meaning `` all bodies that follow Jesus . ''
Over time , language tends to get more complex , since new words enter much faster than old words leave .
In some cultures , people use names when they call each other .
Every year the government chooses a big number of new people from all around the world to come as immigrants to live in Australia .
The words '' Î Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Î Ï Ï Î Î Î Î Î Î '' , enkyklios paideia mean `` in a circle of teaching '' .
The Moon orbits the Earth at an average distance of 250,000 miles .
There are many places of historic interest in Beijing .
Which language is learned by a child depends on which language is spoken by the child 's community .
These include some kind of guarantee or expectation of help .
People take risks that society will support them , without knowing for sure that it will .
Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan .
It eventually got to the point where people were turning in the dead and corpses of known Cathars were being dug up on approval of the church , burned and the property they had left their heirs was taken away by the Roman Catholic Church .
His new wife is from France and is called Marie , with whom he had one son .
many try to prove the existence of these paranormal creatures with special technology such as heat sensors .
The first inks were carbon inks , made from soot , which is 80 % carbon .
The river meets the Atlantic Ocean in a big `` estuary '' or bay , the biggest in the world ; this is called the Gulf of Saint Lawrence .
In the course of this , he proposed a number of simplifications in spelling .
In the 1970s , technologies were based on integrated circuits .
For a long time , many people have been afraid of death and a lot of people have wondered about what may happen to people after they die .
The seed plants are the Gymnosperms and Angiosperms .
Within a billion years -LRB- that is at about 3.8 billion years ago -RRB- the first life evolved , in the Archaean era .
Until calculus was invented , the only way to work this out was to cut the time into smaller and smaller pieces , so the average speed over the smaller time would get closer and closer to the actual speed at a point in time .
Its nickname was given when it was first noticed in the months leading up to the Voyager encounter in 1989 : it moved faster than the Great Dark Spot .
Humans also use language for thinking .
The Coast Redwood : 115.56 m -LRB- 379.1 ft -RRB- , in Redwood National Park , California is believed to be the world 's tallest tree .
Today , research uses the scientific method .
The French emblem is now on their passports .
Cuba is the largest island in the West Indies .
People got very bored and very frustrated , and would say , `` There HAS to be an easier way to do this . ''
Hundreds of years of British rule spread the English language through the island .
This happens when the bacterium can enter the lungs .
A legend says that blood sausage was invented in a bet between two Bavarian butchers drunk on the alcoholic drink absinthe during the 14th century .
A lawyer or jurist or attorney is a professional who studies and argues the rules of law .
One could espouse the notion , perhaps , that the apple is one of most cultivated of tree fruits , and one would of course find one 's side supported by a rather weighty body of scientific evidence .
The carpel is the female part of the flower .
It also fought a war to capture Goa , a Portuguese-built port and city which was not a part of India until 1962 .
Social capital is the willingness of people to help each other .
The most common example of a prediction is the weather forecast .
The less money , the more difficult things become and the worse people feel .
They feel that for this to happen , Quebec must leave Canada and become its own country .
Mars has been known since old times .
Other people say that sometimes scientists will make a theory better rather than discard it , or that they will keep on using the theory hoping that it will be made better eventually .
If doctors see an outbreak is happening , they try to stop it .
He developed basic sauces , his ` mother sauces ' ; he had over a hundred sauces in his repertoire , based on the half-dozen mother sauces .
css -RRB- files .
Arithmetic is needed in all areas of mathematics , science , and engineering .
It is used as a food staple by many people in Mexico , Central and South America and parts of Africa .
A stream is a natural flow of water moving across country between banks .
The expression 7 4 = 3 can be spoken as `` seven minus four equals three , '' `` seven take away four leaves three , '' or `` four from seven leaves three . ''
Its birthstone is the ruby .
Argentina is a federal republic .
They were taken from Africa by force -RRB- .
Finland became independent in 1917 .
Some people may agree to it , and some may disagree .
Like other places of worship , mosques can be at the center of social conflicts .
For Jews and Muslims , veneration violates this commandment .
Accurate predictions of the universe 's past and future require an accurate theory of gravitation .
He later made himself Emperor of the First Empire -LRB- 1804 â `` 1814 -RRB- .
Both the Bible and the Qu ` ran have been translated many times .
No other business can use these names or any names similar to them .
By the mid 16th century it had become the capital of a very large empire .
This wall is specially decorated .
1\/6 of Ireland 's population lives there .
They are different in language and places where their ancestors came from : the Southern Fujianese -LRB- from China 's Fujian Province -RRB- , the Hakka -LRB- from China -RRB- , and Mainlanders -LRB- from Mainland China after 1948 -RRB- .
Metabolism is the system of chemical activities by which a living thing gets power -LRB- energy -RRB- from other things such as food .
Even though it is the average amount , the mean in this case is not the amount any single person makes , and is probably useless .
This is a closet which has the Torah scrolls inside .
Non-periodic or single-apparition comets visit only once .
There are many different types of licenses .
Someone of this age should be able to read the text .
Classical Architecture is very formal ; it always obeyed laws .
There is no explanation for the particular values that physical constants appear to have throughout our Universe , such as Planck 's constant h or the gravitational constant G. Several conservation laws have been identified , such as the conservation of charge , conservation of momentum , conservation of angular momentum and conservation of energy .
The Ancient Greeks used to call it grammatikÄ `` tÃ khnÄ `` , the craft of letters .
Neptune 's closest four moons , Naiad , Thalassa , Despina , and Galatea , orbit close enough to be inside Neptune 's rings .
This allowed telescopes to be placed in space on satellites -LRB- such as those that beam satellite television -RRB- .
It has 50,000 different characters , each one made of different lines , called strokes .
That means they have rules what people should not eat , or how the food has to be prepared .
It was bombed by aeroplanes , the first time in a war that bombs had been dropped from the air .
In the 1930s and 1940s , many pop music songs began using chords or melodies from jazz songs .
For example , oil , minerals , and other non renewable resources can not be recycled .
They can get a service mark instead of a trademark .
However , usually , the strength is not directly measured , but only assumed .
Although today we know a lot about comets , there will always be people who will be afraid when a comet returns .
Taking note of names is taken a step farther by those who elect to celebrate a name -LRB- e.g. , `` Celebrate Your Name Week '' -RRB- whether their own name , someone else 's name , or names in general , complete ownership of one 's name might very well include celebrating it .
If a trademark is registered , they can use the letter R in a circle symbol : '' Â '' .
The Romans settled in most of modern Austria .
They sometimes call this true berry , to distinguish it from false berries .
However , the Cuban government began to control most of life in Cuba under the communist system .
To the west of Ireland is the Atlantic Ocean ; to the east of Ireland , across the Irish Sea , is the island of Great Britain .
There are two Chinese governments in the world : The People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- and the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- .
The process by which pollen gets transferred from one flower to another flower is called pollination .
It is called representative democracy .
The genetics of hair colors are not yet firmly established .
This causes their organs to get very sick .
A litre of water has a mass of about one kilogram .
This was in part a way of making poor people -LRB- who spoke Anglo-Saxon -RRB- all appear to be rude , while more powerful people -LRB- who spoke Norman -RRB- appeared to be polite - one way that etiquette can develop , and reinforce power structure .
All man-made elements are radioactive and unstable .
This group of elected people is called the cabinet .
Some ways include :
One person who owned many cows could trade with another person who owned much wheat .
The new amount of energy used to carry out these life processes is called the BMR-rate or `` basal metabolic rate '' .
So to work out its slope , a straight line can be drawn through the point with the same slope as the curve at that point .
At least , they were happy until their machines broke down , got jammed , and had to be repaired .
The top of the letter T is at right angles to the vertical line .
The word being means the same as `` person '' .
Leather is sometimes used to make shoes , bags , and balls .
In the rest of the world , metric units are almost always used .
Scientists who study these interactions are called ecologists .
Some of them are mercury , silver , gold , and carbon .
Also , the way that Wikipedia works means that there is likely to be bias .
If someone sells a cow for money , he can save that money away until he needs it .
On August 15 , 1947 , India peacefully became free and independent from the British Empire .
The roots of modern haute cuisine lie in chefs like La Varenne -LRB- 1615 â `` 1678 -RRB- and the notable chef of Napoleon , Marie-Antoine CarÃ me -LRB- 1784 â `` 1833 -RRB- .
2 .
On January 1 , 2008 , INSEE counted 36,781 communes in France .
For example , physics studies stars , planets and galaxies and other big pieces of matter .
The average thickness of the planet 's crust is about 50 km -LRB- 31 mi -RRB- , with a maximum thickness of 125 km -LRB- 78 mi -RRB- .
Then as the rest of the area we call Europe started to have cities and empires , the whole area West of the Ural Mountains became known by the same name .
In it , some people must work for no pay .
There are two different types of calculus .
It includes phrases like SNAFU .
Statistics can help in two basic ways :
In a leap year , February starts and ends on the same day .
A `` Modified Version '' of the Document means any work containing the Document or a portion of it , either copied verbatim , or with modifications and\/or translated into another language .
These universes are sometimes called parallel universes .
Australia had a really hard time in the Great Depression of the 1930s then got worried about the coming Second World War .
This union is known as Great Britain .
The CPU is on the Motherboard , which is like the skeleton .
Few people live in the high central mountains or the deserts in the south and southwest .
Breakfast sausage has a blander flavor than many other types of sausage , such as Polish or Italian-style sausages .
If we use y = xÂ , the derivative produced using this method is 2x , or 2 multiplied by x. So we know without having to draw any tangent lines that at any point on the curve f -LRB- x -RRB- = xÂ , the derivative f ' -LRB- x -RRB- -LRB- marked with an apostrophe -RRB- will be 2x at any point .
There are also many comments against gay people .
Add all the molar masses of the elements together and the molar mass of the chemical compound is gotten .
All this was unpopular with the Roman Catholic Church , whose Pope , the Bishop of Rome , had begun to say he was infallible from the 11th century onwards .
They can also breathe in air .
New York City is the largest city in the United States .
Eukaryotic cells have an easy-to-see nucleus where all of the cell 's functions take place , and a membrane around them .
Isaac Newton studied gravity .
In theater , a tragedy is a play that ends sadly .
Also , many SUVs have larger engines , like a six - or an eight-cylinder engine , .
String theory says that the particle is a string\/line -LRB- not a particle\/point -RRB- that forms these four different forces by vibrating in different ways .
Charles Babbage was the first to make a design of a fully programmable mechanical computer .
The Arab plan was very simple , which did not allow for much further development .
It is composed of the filament -LRB- a stalk -RRB- that holds the anther , which produces the pollen .
Latin was spoken only by the priests .
Southern Afghanistan has little vegetation because of the dry climate .
That way others may gain from what someone else knows .
Tools that are used to do mathematics or find answers to mathematics problems .
Death can happen in many ways .
The stoutest living single-trunk species in diameter is the African Baobab : ' , Glencoe Baobab -LRB- measured near the ground -RRB- , Limpopo Province , South Africa .
Remember that Wikipedia is a service which many communities use .
Sodium is a metal that burns when put into water and chlorine is a poisonous gas .
While China achieved many things in the First millennium C.E. and early second millennium C.E. , it became an isolationist country in the 15th century C.E.
In areas with two wet and dry seasons each year , there may be two pairs of light and dark rings each year ; and in some -LRB- mainly semi-desert regions with irregular rainfall -RRB- , there may be a new growth ring with each rainfall .
This is a very old idea , and is part of many ethical traditions .
The whole island is owned by the Robinson family .
Many other cities have grown in the same way .
A scientist tries to understand how our world , or other things , work .
A very conservative Islamic group known as the Taliban emerged as the most powerful of these groups .
Australia soon had its own money , and its own Army and Navy .
Christians usually call their religious buildings churches .
There are 32 counties in Ireland .
Important absorption bands of methane happen at wavelengths above 600 nm , in the red and infrared portion of the spectrum .
Two of the main Classical languages of the worldâ '' Sanskrit and Tamil were born in India .
Farmers and herders settled in the plains surrounding the Hindu Kush as early as 7000 B.C. .
The book was brought into Europe and translated into Latin in the 12th century .
An element can be a solid , liquid or gas .
Ritual insults are part of many cultures , mainly in sports and military training .
The Bosonic string theory has 26 dimensions .
In April 2006 , there were two explosions at India 's Jama Masjid .
There is a wet pint and a dry pint .
When the Voyager spacecraft flew by Uranus in 1986 , that winds on that planet were observed to be mild .
Argentina also has the largest population of Jewish community after Israel and US .
Art has also co-existed with a variety of paints including the more standard 18 colors .
These ten symbols are called digits .
For example : A witch who can cast magic .
There are several other native languages , other than English .
Aquaculture is the farming of fish , shrimp , and algae .
A potato is a type of vegetable .
Medieval Europe , Ancient Rome and Ancient China each thought that they ruled the only important parts of the world and that other parts were `` barbarian '' .
Iolani Palace was built later on by others of the royal family .
This expansion is consistent with the observation that the light from distant galaxies has been redshifted ; the photons emitted have been stretched to longer wavelengths and lower frequency during their journey .
Islamic art includes geometric patterns , Islamic calligraphy , and architecture .
Body hair is limited in women , and thicker in men .
In 1938 , Orson Welles broadcast a radio version of this story in the United States , and many people thought it was really happening and were very afraid .
NPOV does not solve all problems .
For this reason , many mythologies around the world have the concept of the World tree , a great tree that acts as an Axis mundi , holding up the cosmos , and providing a link between the heavens , earth and underworld .
For example , there are objects in two groups .
The patent was to Stanford University , with Lawrence -LRB- Larry -RRB- Page as the inventor -LRB- the person who first had the idea -RRB- .
They get income which they use to buy or ` consume ' goods .
Leibniz came to the same result , but called h `` dx '' , which means `` a tiny amount of x '' .
Some people are interested in sending astronauts to visit Mars .
Some believe that Jesus was just a man that talked about God and taught people about God .
Because of this , there are many off-road clubs in different countries .
The first person known to really study the planet was Galileo Galilei in 1610 .
The name of the large computer company IBM comes from the words `` International Business Machines '' .
For example , philosophies such as some existentialist views say that there is no meaning to life or human existence , except the meaning that we make up or invent .
The tree that grows will only create apples of the type needed .
Because it is so cold on Mars , carbon dioxide freezes in the winter and makes a lot of dry ice .
A sport is commonly defined as a sort of game that requires physical activity and involves a degree of competition as , for example , baseball , soccer , bowling , or basketball .
Cooking as an art is preparing the food so it tastes and looks really good .
Green paint can be made by mixing yellow paint and blue paint together .
There are many different ` philosophies ' , because all of these questions have many different answers according to different people .
Its birthstone is the diamond .
Of course , all theories , including those known as laws , can be replaced by more accurate and more general laws , when a disagreement with data is found .
Its name comes from the word glue as Gluons act like atomic glue , sticking the protons together using the strong nuclear force .
Capitalise -LRB- British spelling -RRB- or capitalize -LRB- North American spelling -RRB- means to make one or more characters upper case .
Mocks the `` thumbs up '' gesture .
The main idea of scientific cosmology is the mechanistic paradigm which says that there is either an expanding universe , and that the laws of physics are predictable due to the geometry it `` obeys '' .
This is because the word `` computer '' used to mean a person who did math as their job -LRB- a human computer -RRB- .
There is another article on ethical dilemma which means `` a paradox arising in ethics '' .
Neptune 's blue color is much brighter compared to Uranus ' , which has a similar amount of methane , so there might be another reason why Neptune is blue .
There are three kinds of average that are often used : the mean , the median and the mode .
An idea that can not be tested is not science .
The tallest minaret in the world is in the Hassan II Mosque in Casablanca , Morocco .
The Milky Way is our home galaxy .
Other people prefer to spend their vacation time at home in their own community .
-LRB- genetics -RRB- ; `` What has been the history of life ? ''
This will be the last time for about the next 165 years that Neptune will be at its point of discovery .
There are famous deltas on the Nile River , the Amazon River , the Mekong River , the Mississippi River and the Danube River .
Humans and some other animals have lost much of their hair through evolution , and some other mammals , such as the elephant and the whale , have almost none at all .
There are many small hills , lakes , creeks , forests and farmland .
The bone flute plays both the five - or seven-note scale of Xia Zhi and six-note scale of Qing Shang of the ancient Chinese musical system .
Aloha also means love and care .
Most of the people who live in Montreal speak French , but English is commonly spoken as well .
Most machines may not be used , and no work done .
Each species is put into a group because of what it does , how and what it eats , special body parts , and so on .
Herm is the smallest of the Channel Islands that is open to the public .
Almost every place on Earth is connected to one and only one government .
There are also hundreds of rivers and thousands of lakes with fresh water .
Mars rotates in 24 hours , and 37 minutes .
If we roll a die -LRB- plural : dice -RRB- , then the chance that it will land on 1 is 1\/6 -LRB- This is because there are 6 numbers on a die -RRB- .
The U.S. wet pint is divided into 16 fluid ounces .
Formal disapproval of those who use it is common in a court or in diplomacy , where danger is high .
Cities that fall into this category , usually had -LRB- or still have -RRB- city walls .
Modern humans first came about 40,000 years .
The Soviet Union then removed the missiles .
The new country was called the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
These are called theories of civics .
Some of them think like platonists about what is good and bad .
It has been known about for just under 200 years and possibly even longer .
Dublin was built by the Vikings and is built upon the river Liffey .
Everything2 or E2 is a website .
A cup can also be an award .
Soon the settlers wanted local government and more democracy .
It is the only royal palace on American soil .
Once that happened , they built the Queen Sofia museum just to have a good place to put it .
Their existence is inferred by deduction from observations which would be difficult to explain otherwise .
Therefore , Sally gives Jane a list of three numbers to show her position .
There were already some English towns in the area also , such as Gravesend in Brooklyn and Newtown in Queens .
The start of a river is called its `` source '' or its `` headwaters '' .
However , building with stone has its limits , and building too tall could result in collapse , an example of which is the Cathedral of Beauvais , which was never completed .
In Norse mythology , the goddess IÃ unn gives apples to the gods in Prose Edda -LRB- written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson -RRB- that makes them young forever .
`` The most recent linguistic approach to literature is that of cognitive metaphor , which claims that metaphor is not a mode of language , but a mode of thought '' .
In nearly every religion , the important stages of a person 's life have a religious celebration .
Vectors are often used in engineering and science , and sometimes in mathematics .
When Kublai Khan , the Mongolian monarch , set up the Yuan dynasty , this city became his capital .
The water in rivers is `` fresh water '' that has come from rain , snow and from underground streams .
This worked well when everybody was British and there were only a few people .
The ink does not fall out of the cylinder as it sticks to the sides of the tube .
Scientists think it was water vapor because lightning needs water vapor .
This relies on dominant and recessive genes carried by a parent .
This means that he wants the Cuban people to worship him and think him as a god .
It is a member of the European Union .
Honolulu , the capital city of Hawaii , is on this island .
Then Japan started attacking Australia and people worried about invasion .
Organized crime grows in this way , and so do forced labor and slavery .
Many people have asked themselves if God exists .
There are different texts talking about the commandments .
This is called organ failure .
All mammals protect and look after their young , though details differ greatly .
There are galaxies of different sizes .
Caatinga means white vegetation in Tupi , a native language of Brazil .
Incubation period is only one to two days .
Errors of the immune system often cause more damage than what they are detecting and reacting to .
The weather of the United Kingdom is changeable and unpredictable .
Today , in reality , the PRC government controls mainland China , and the ROC government governs Taiwan .
The empire was the third stage of Ancient Rome .
Argentina is the second-largest country in South America and the eighth-largest country in the world .
It does not work well in hard water .
Convertible paper money is money that is convertible into gold and silver .
The hair of non-human animals is usually called fur .
Islam also has a Day of Rest , which also comes from Shabbat .
All of these religions have different schools -LRB- ways of thinking -RRB- and traditions that are related .
This License is a kind of `` copyleft '' , which means that derivative works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense .
Because of Uranus ' weird movements in its orbit -LRB- the line which a planet follows in moving -RRB- , it made astronomers search for the new planet .
The summers are hot , often the temperature is above 30 Â C -LRB- 86 Â F -RRB- in July and can often reach 40 Â C -LRB- 104 Â F -RRB- .
Archaeologists digging a cave in what is now northeastern Afghanistan -LRB- in Badakhshan -RRB- , discovered that people lived in the country as early as 100,000 years ago .
One might think that the farther a planet is from the Sun , the less energy and heat there would be to create and run the very strong winds around .
Painting is the art of applying the brush to paper with materials on it .
Although it is the second most massive Neptunian moon , it has only one quarter of one percent of the mass of Triton .
Another symbol which comes from Latin is ` Ag ' .
` Theatre ' or ` Theater ' can also mean the business of putting on plays .
A person who has been convicted of theft may be called a thief .
The number pi is approximately 3.1415926359 ... .
It is also the largest city in Europe .
Then the atoms start to move , and when they move too much , the bond breaks .
This way of operating a computer is called the von Neumann architecture .
Ethics is usually more concerned with principle than law or politics or diplomacy , so many people think ethics is not practical .
Feeling capable and efficient ; being able to handle normal levels of stress , have good friends and family , and lead an independent life ; and being able to `` bounce back , '' or recover from hardships , are all signs of mental health .
It may be used to try to achieve fairness in some system of ethics .
France is divided into 22 rÃ gions that are further subdivided dÃ partements .
There are rules for how things move .
The length of day and night could be changed -LRB- AKA re-programmed -RRB- every day in order to account for the changing lengths of day and night throughout the year .
Governments also control people and decide things about what morality to accept or punish .
It is also near Sri Lanka , an island country .
Physicists assume -LRB- take as given -RRB- the existence of mass , length , time and electric charge and then define -LRB- give the meaning of -RRB- all other physical quantities in terms of these basic units .
Public health stops instead of encouraging a disease through surveillance of cases .
In algebra , dividing y by z -LRB- or y over z -RRB- is written as y Ã z or y\/z .
There was not much fresh water .
In British English , ` theater ' means a place where live plays are performed .
Some , like a few salamis from Spain , include paprika or chili .
Depending on its sign , the cosmological constant can either slow -LRB- negative Î -RRB- or accelerate -LRB- positive Î -RRB- the expansion of the universe .
But with help from the United States Navy , the Japanese were stopped .
This new gold made rulers and colonial governors rich .
Nature is often seen by humans as natural resources .
During the last ten days of Ramadan , larger mosques will host all-night programs to observe Laylat al-Qadr .
February is one of the last two months to be added to the calendar -LRB- the other is January -RRB- .
His theater was in London , England .
They travel in very dangerous boats organised by people smugglers and lots of people have drowned on the way .
It consists of a chemical mixture which can change the color of hair by a chemical reaction .
Law and order are not necessary .
Sometimes a window can be found with the thick edge at the top of the window .
The fish that people eat most include carp , cod , herring , perch , sardines , sturgeon , tilapia , trout , tuna , and many others .
Oahu is the third largest of the Hawaiian Islands , in the United States .
Because of this , Cuban people must stand in long lines to buy everything at their own stores .
and `` what does it mean for a person to be free ? ''
Moons also have names of gods and people from classical mythology , or from the plays of Shakespeare .
However , as astronomers learn more about the Universe , they often notice that things which they thought were different at first turn out to be similar and things which were similar turn out to be different .
About 150,000 people die every day around the world .
Physics is mainly focused on the goal of making ever simpler , more general , and more accurate rules that define the character and behavior of matter and space itself .
They do not make their own food by themselves .
Quite often as soon as the archaeologists have finished their work , the remains that they have found will be covered over , unless they are of very great importance .
Facts must be checked .
This is because most people gain white or gray hairs as they grow older .
In some other cultures , people use their titles -LRB- `` father , '' `` professor , '' etc. -RRB- when they call each other .
Vikings came in longboats from Scandinavia in 1000 BC .
It has a population of 7.5 million people and is by far the largest city in The United Kingdom .
They hoped the places would be great cities in the future .
For example , Facebook has had some problems with privacy settings .
Very often , they are thrown away within two or three years , because newer programs require a more powerful computer .
Soddy called an atom like this , with a different number of neutrons , an isotope .
Later , a king called Ashoka built an empire called the Maurya dynasty in 300 BC .
The capital of Finland is Helsinki .
It was the eighth month when January or February were added to the start of the year by King Numa Pompilius about 700 BC .
Because of its changing nature , the organization of astronomy is a very confusing thing , even to astronomers , and there are also many terms left over from previous fields that astronomers use which have both modern and older meanings .
Every day , 200 million -LRB- 200,000,000 -RRB- people use it .
The first country in the world to make metal coins was called Lydia , sometime around 650 BC , in the western part of what is now Turkey .
Pluto had been called a planet since it was discovered in 1930 , but in 2006 astronomers meeting at the International Astronomical Union decided for the first time on the definition of a planet , and Pluto did not fit .
So for a long time it was a mystery to scientists how the positively charged protons in the nucleus stayed together .
The constitution of a country -LRB- or a state -RRB- is a special type of law document that tells how its government is supposed to work .
This is partly because people hear and read American English via the media , for example CNN television , and the Internet , where the most common form of English is American English .
The capital and largest city of Hawaii is Honolulu on the island named Oahu .
Different religious groups have numbered them in different ways .
Today Australia remembers this battle every year on ANZAC Day .
The players wore masks .
The Time Cube website is written in an angry and hateful voice .
Other cities in Afghanistan include Kandahar , HerÄ t , Mazar-e Sharif , and Jalalabad .
The other 29 % is made of rocky land in the shape of continents and islands .
That is , data from experiments and observations are collected .
Animals usually eat other living things -LRB- animals , plants , fungi , etc. -RRB- to get energy to live .
The government of China have said that if the people of Taiwan formally vote to become the Republic of Taiwan , they will invade Taiwan .
It became firmly established by the fourth and fifth centuries .
It is one of the blackest things in the solar system .
Audible sound has frequencies between 20 Hz to 20 kHz .
Theft is a crime .
It will launch in August 2011 .
One of the most recent sites built in Madrid are the KIO Towers .
Religion is a very big part of life in Italy .
During Jesus ' life , the Romans , who were pagan , controlled his country .
But in some cultures animal names may be good .
The important issues or debates must be written in a way which does not favor any one side too much .
Jewish translations almost all use `` murder '' , including the Jewish Publication Society of America Version -LRB- 1917 -RRB- , the Judaica Press tanach -LRB- 1963 -RRB- and the Living Torah -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .
Words like `` cool '' have developed new meanings .
Existentialism is very different from many other philosophies .
Inside , the Earth is similar to the other terrestrial planets .
Tourists from all over the world come to see the fells and the northern lights in Lapland .
The World Wide Web was created at CERN in Switzerland in 1989 by a British -LRB- UK -RRB- man named Tim Berners-Lee .
Actual infinity is a more abstract idea .
Many countries get their ideas of what things are crimes from religions or controversial events which cause a law to be quickly created .
Although there are some chemicals that are harmless , many chemicals are dangerous .
Before a scientific article is published , other scientists read the article and decide whether the explanations make sense from the data .
A young person might simply say to their friends `` I do not use drugs or get drunk because of my religion '' .
They very often use arguments from ecology to advance policy , especially forest policy and energy policy .
Some elements , and many isotopes , have what is called an unstable nucleus .
Beijing -LRB- Chinese : å -- ä \/ BÄ ijÄ `` ng \/ -RRB- is the capital of the People 's Republic of China .
A number of dust bands between the rings were observed in forward-scattering geometry by Voyager 2 .
For the first few years they did not have much food , and life was very hard .
Sometimes ghosts are said to come in human form , that is , in the body of a person .
In 1979 , because of the overpopulation problem in China , he made the one-child policy , which put a limit on how many children couples can have .
Another word that most Christians believe means the same thing as `` Trinity '' is `` Godhead '' .
Philosophers from the 1900s included Ludwig Wittgenstein and Jean-Paul Sartre .
Wood consists of xylem cells , and bark is made of phloem and other tissues external to the vascular cambium .
All galaxies exist inside the universe .
There may also be smaller domes , which are off-center over the prayer hall or the rest of the mosque .
Both Marxism and Pluralism states have to react to the activities of groups of people in the state itself .
It has a `` fantasy land '' in it .
Meat contains all the essential amino acids humans need ; most plants do not .
That makes it justified ; it is not an opinion or a guess .

Dancing is done for fun .
Over time this changed to be spelled in English as Seville .
In 1623 , Wilhelm Schickard made a mechanical calculator .
Saudi involvement in building mosques around the world only goes back to the 1960s .
People who take the test take the Academic Module or the General Training Module .
They have different meanings to the people using them than their everyday meaning .
Six million people live in Ireland .
Dimensions like temperature and weight can be used to show the position of something in less simple spaces .
Even in countries like the United Kingdom , New Zealand and the Republic of Ireland where most police officers do not carry guns , more are being trained to do so because gun crime is getting worse .
SUVs are even raced , such as in the Paris-Dakar Rally and the Australian Safari .
The samurai and shogun of Medieval Japan are similar to knights and lords in Medieval Europe .
In the teachings of Jesus , people were told to think of every single person as their `` neighbor '' and treat them with love .
A license explains exactly what you are allowed to do with the content that falls under it .
A mosque is a social , as well as a religious , group .
It was the ninth month of the year before January and February were added to the Roman Calendar .
All together , they cost about $ 10 billion .
Most of these follow the Reformed traditions .
In autoimmune diseases , the body attacks parts of itself because the system mistakes some parts of the body as ` foreign ' .
Knowledge in religion is different in that it depends on faith , belief and the authority of religious leaders , not on evidence of a scientific or legal kind .
Some philosophers say the only thing needed to answer a question is to find out what it means , and that the only thing that makes philosophical questions such as those above difficult is that people do not really know what they mean -LRB- for example Ludwig Wittgenstein -RRB- .
The book of Exodus speaks about Mout Sinai , the Book of Deuteronomy about `` Horeb '' .
In February 2006 , a bombing seriously damaged Iraq 's al-Askari Mosque .
On top of the Ark is light which is always lit , called the â Eternal Lampâ .
Its birthstone is the turquoise .
In other religions there are many deities who each have different roles in the universe .
This was called the War of the Spanish Succession .
Oversighter requests should only be made privately , and not on Wikipedia .
Still , computers of the time generally only had enough memory to `` remember '' one program at a time .
Some other parties exist but are very small and do not hold seats in Congress .
The Sun is one of the stars in the Milky Way galaxy ; the Solar System includes the Earth and all the other objects that orbit the Sun .
For example , there is no name like dog , cat , snake , owl , or fish in Japanese people 's first names .
To name something is to give it a name .
In the imperial system of measurement , one metre is equal to about 39.37 inches , 3.28 feet , or about 1.09 yards .
In the case of diseases , they are described as terminal .
Fruits are usually low in protein and fat content , but avocados and some nuts are exceptions to this .
In humans , hair grows mostly on the head , and the amount of body hair is different from race to race .
Trees show many growth forms , leaf type and shape , bark traits and organs .
An example of the real problems in English orthography is the word ending - ough , which is pronounced several different ways : tough , bough , cough ... The root causes of spelling variation are historical , and loan words come with their own -LRB- foreign -RRB- spelling .
No one could challenge their power .
It can not be discovered by science , because it can not be tested in any controlled way .
Catholic kings ruled the country .
While many underground rivers flow gently , some underground rivers flow fast and have rapids , particularly after heavy rain .
This period was called the `` rebirth '' because many new types of art and music were reborn during this time .
For example , the United States of America is a country .
A link between political views and mosque attendance can still be seen in other parts of the world .
The government can also control people and what happens in a country in other ways besides making laws .
The 2-dimensional shape -LRB- like a circle , square , triangle , etc -RRB- that a cube is made of is squares .
since it makes all of the original equations valid , that is , the value on left side of the equals sign is exactly the same as the value on the right side for both equations .
The newest part of the network connects London to the Channel Tunnel from St Pancras station and is built to the same standard as the French TGV system .
Its land area has mostly looked like that of modern China , except with northern and western edges that varied often .
Other types of knowledge can be for a more specific purpose , for example learning a language .
Other letters were added later .
The berry is the most common type of soft fruit in which the entire ovary wall gets to the right stage of development of an pericarp which can be taken as food .
Arithmetic is what we call working with numbers .
It can have a negative meaning -LRB- blacklist , ` black death ' , black cat -RRB- or a positive meaning -LRB- ` in the black ' , ` black is beautiful ' -RRB- .
In this view , society is a collective that has made the art , through the artist .
And nobody lives more than 60 km from the coast .
An old river often `` meanders '' -LRB- twists and turns -RRB- , and sometimes , after a flood , it leaves lakes behind which are called `` ox-bows '' or `` billabongs '' .
Politics is the way that people living in groups make decisions .
Other people may use the Simple English Wikipedia because simple language helps them to understand unfamiliar topics or complex ideas .
One important observation about experiments is that they can tell us if a theory is false .
Normally , there is no furniture in it except for prayer mats or rugs .
In the Bible angels often punished peoples for their sins .
People who study biology are called biologists .
It has made canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
Water and some nutrients come from the roots .
The natural number can be named as whole number or counting number .
Everyone in the town was massacred , some while taking refuge in the church .
Cuba also has many minerals .
Sciences also tend to become more quantitative with time as they become more highly developed , and physics is one of the oldest sciences .
Different states of the same ` category ' can also function differently .
However , some countries , like Singapore , writes Chinese the same way as writing English .
In polytheism the word `` gods '' is usually written in lowercase letters .
Sometimes , mathematics finds and studies rules or ideas in the real world that we do n't understand yet .
Some belong to institutions , for example , companies , churches , schools , and universities .
If the disease is left untreated , it kills about half its victims , in between three and seven days .
Rest and sleep matter a great deal , just as they would for symphony players .
The planet is tilted on its axis so much that it is sideways .
You may add a section Entitled `` Endorsements '' , provided it contains nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various parties -- for example , statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a standard .
Physics studies very large things , and very small things .
If the middle finger is shown , it is a stronger form of `` fuck you '' , or a suggestion of anal sex .
Egypt is a large country , but a large portion of it is desert .
Neptune also has the strongest winds of any planet in the solar system , measured as high as 2,100 km\/h or 1,300 mph .
What aims did he like\/dislike in human activity ?
Below that is a layer of thick , semi-liquid rock called the mantle .
A cup is also a unit of liquid measurement in some countries .
The New Testament of the Bible tells about the Romans in the life of Jesus Christ .
Physicists are always working to make their models of the world better .
Automobile companies have sold many SUVs .
They are very different from asteroids .
However , from Jupiter it looks only half as big as Io because it 's farther away .
The highest mountain of Finland is Halti , which is 1328 meters high .
The author also wants people to know that he was the first person who could write a book like that one ; if the book is good , it means the author is good at writing ; people who know the author is good at writing may hire the author to write things for them .
Some traits and aspects of Baroque paintings that differentiate this style from others are the abundant amount of details , often bright polychromy , less realistic faces of subjects , and an overall sense of awe , which was one of the goals in Baroque art .
When someone is being insulted , the person 's pride would usually be hurt .
Argentina is almost 3,700 km long from north to south , and 1,400 km from east to west -LRB- maximum values -RRB- .
It explains how other particles and forces act .
At home , food is prepared in the kitchen , by the cook .
Lead 's symbol , ` Pb ' , comes from the Latin plumbum and the English word plumber derives from this as pipes used to be made out of lead .
In the 18th and 19th centuries , French literature and poetry reached its best .
These rocks were too small to make a planet , and could not collide to form one .
They invented a way to for a computer to remember what they had told it , and a way to change what it remembered .
Comparing its rotational speed to its degree of oblateness shows that it has its mass less concentrated towards the center unlike Uranus .
Symptoms of this disease include coughing , fever , and black spots on the skin .
There are still some Christians in Egypt today .
Many blues songs had sad lyrics about sad emotions -LRB- feelings -RRB- or sad experiences , such as losing a job , a family member dying , or having to go to jail -LRB- prison -RRB- .
It lets people make pages about many different things , and some people use it as a diary .
Cuban soldiers have fought against non-communist groups in Angola , Ethiopia , and Nicaragua .
Oahu was perhaps the first of the Hawaiian Islands which the crew of HMS Resolution saw on 18 January 1778 .
Most countries have their own kind of money , such as the United States dollar or the British pound .
For example , 17 25 = -LRB- 8 -RRB- .
They are often involved in teaching anatomy , and research into certain systems , organs , tissues or cells .
The potato is from the high and cool areas of the Andes of Peru .
In science , it is a part of physics .
The form of a piece of music was very important at this time and becoming very popular .
The relative amounts of different chemical elements â '' especially the lightest atoms such as hydrogen , deuterium and helium â '' seem to be identical in all of the universe and throughout all of the history of it that we know of .
Over a century after Euler , Cayley studied a special class of graphs , called the trees .
The best good guess of the Universe 's age is 13.73 Â 0.12 billion years old , based on what was seen of the cosmic microwave background radiation .
Archaeologists do not all study the same civilizations , but they specialize in different areas of interest .
A computer has several main parts .
The later volcanoes mostly buried two of the earlier ones .
When an animal has soft feet , or feet with soft parts on the underside , we often call it a paw .
This is explained by the idea of retrogradation .
In British and American English young people , when talking , have recently started using like as an extra word in the middle of sentences .
For example , West Germany banned the Communist Party in 1956 .
Potato chips , often called crisps , are potatoes cut into very thin round pieces and fried until they are hard .
The rest of the moons have since been seen by spacecraft .
The service economy can be in a region like a country or in a town or city .
Iran , Pakistan , France , Germany and the United States of America are all states .
Pomes , such as apples and pears , are also accessory fruits : the core is the true fruit .
In 1970 , the FLQ kidnapped and killed James Cross , the British trade commissioner to Canada , and Pierre Laporte , a provincial minister and Vice-Premier .
According to Kabbalah , the Shabbat day is meant to be like a perfect world in which everyone knows about God and loves Him , a kind of world that has not been since the Garden of Eden , and will not be again until the Messiah comes .
Ludwig Leichhardt got lost twice .
It also has one of the world 's oldest writing systems , and is viewed as the source of many major inventions .
So they passed a law that only people from Britain or other European countries could come to Australia .
Amish people forbid any sort of graven image , such as photos .
Most people in Finland speak Finnish , but about six percent of Finland 's population speak Swedish as their mother tongue , living mostly in the western part of Finland and on Ã
Very few tropical trees can be accurately dated in this manner .
It is the nationalist government of China since 1949 .
Some Christian groups prefer to favor the New Testament , while others believe the entire Bible is equally important .
In the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates , the courtyard served to hold the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers .
In 1897 , Catherine Helen Spence became the first female political candidate .
If they do not eat enough food for a long time , they will become sick and die from starvation .
Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year .
For the indefinite article , see Article -LRB- grammar -RRB- .
But without some agreement on ethics , there is probably no way to even have a public debate , a legal system or an election .
They may be alone , or in a group .
A Simple English Wikipedia user 's point of view and idea of neutral is not always the same as that of a Simple English Wikipedia contributor .
However , Hera wakes up while she is breastfeeding the baby and realizes she is nursing a baby she does not know .
Northern lights are common in Lapland .
Pluto used to be known as a planet , but in August 2006 , the International Astronomical Union decided it was a dwarf planet instead .
The color of the number -LRB- atomic number -RRB- above the element symbol shows the state of the element at normal conditions .
Some say that Europe and Asia are only parts of a continent called Eurasia .
This is called consensus .
During the 1800s , Afghanistan became involved in a rivalry between the British and Russian empires and served as a buffer zone between these two empires .
It is spicy -LRB- hot in taste -RRB- and smoked .
Some common nouns -LRB- see below -RRB- can also be used as proper nouns .
In February 1999 , the company moved to 165 University Ave. , Palo Alto , California .
Branches grow from the trunk .
The English language EncyclopÃ dia Britannica and German Brockhaus are general encyclopedias .
Cheeses are eaten both on their own and cooked in various dishes .
When they react together they make sodium chloride -LRB- salt -RRB- which is harmless and edible .
The courts and police enforce this system of rules and punish people who break the laws , such as by making them pay a fine or other penalty or sending them to jail .
He was the first person to see Jupiter 's moons Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto .
Cuba has a wet season and a dry season .
These are less formal , and less well defined .
Philosophy can be divided into different groups , based on the types of questions that it asks .
There are different types of instruments playing , in sections , which are like the different systems in your body .
These are called `` Mainframes , '' and these computers do all the things that make things like the internet work .
They think that there is a set of universes called the multiverse .
Scholars do not agree whether the UK has a Constitution or not .
They are big and heavy , have a lot of wind resistance , and have big engines and a heavy suspension .
The eastern part was called the Byzantine Empire with a capital at Constantinople .
Ireland was ruled by Britain since the 1600 's .
Adolf Hitler was the dictator of Germany , and wanted to invade the Soviet Union .
Today , notes and coins are the currencies used in df the money used is bank deposits .
Jupiter is classed as a gas giant , because it is so large , and is made up mostly of gas .
Et ta valeur de foi trempÃ e ProtÃ gera nos foyers et nos droits ; ProtÃ gera nos foyers et nos droits .
All Romance languages normally put their adjectives in front of the nouns .
The three most famous Greek tragedy writers were Aeschylus , Sophocles and Euripides .
Madrid -LRB- pronounced : â mah-DRID â or \/ mÉ Ë drÉ d \/ -RRB- is the capital and largest city of Spain .
It is not certain that the object is really a flute .
The oldest known Neanderthal hyoid bone with the modern human form has been dated to be 60,000 years old .
Combustion lets out a lot of carbon dioxide .
Suleiman also said that Mubarak directed the Supreme Council of the armed forces would run the country .
Most Finns speak Finnish as their mother tongue ; 6 % of Finns have the Swedish language as their mother tongue .
The word `` synagogue '' comes from sunagoge , which is a Greek word .
The spacecraft was to be shared between the Jet Propulsion Laboratory -LRB- JPL -RRB- and the California Institute of Technology .
Commodity money can be used for other purposes besides serving as a medium of exchange .
It does this by emitting radiation in the form of alpha , beta or gamma decay .
Normal people use the programs that a programmer wrote to tell the computer what to do .
This is how cash registers determine the change you receive when you pay with more money than your purchase costs .
They saw good government as coming from social contracts .
Under that is a thin liquid layer called the outer core and then the solid iron inner core .
the formula ; -LRB- 0.141 \* average sentence length -RRB- + -LRB- 0.086 \* percentage of difficult words -RRB- +0.839 = grade level
A young river is often in a V-shaped river bed , and flows quickly downhill over stones , and around big rocks .
Then any point -LRB- x , y -RRB- whose distance d from the origin is less than r , as given by the pythagorean theorem , will be inside the circle :
The Spanish Empire was the strongest in the world through most of the next two centuries , thanks to gold from the Americas .
A recipe for soap having water , alkali and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
Its capital city is Paris .
Some seeds can be dispersed by the wind or by water .
If too much reactant is used , there will be some reactants left in the chemical reaction .
Chinese is the language with the most native speakers in the world , but Chinese is not really a language .
People who try to talk to ghosts as their job are called Mediums .
A mosque may be small , and privately owned .
This depends , for example , on how often someone eats .
Physical fitness refers to good body health , and is the result of regular exercise , proper diet and nutrition , and proper rest for physical recovery .
Many regional dialects are also used in France .
Moles can be used to see how many molecules are in chemical compounds , too .
Pitch is how humans hear different frequencies .
Then two or more parties might join together to form what is called a `` coalition '' .
They solved this by finding a particle called a Gluon .
There is no number in the real numbers which when squared makes the number -1 .
The oldest known bone flute is 10.000 years younger .
Milky Way 's closest neighbor is Canis Major Dwarf , which is about 25,000 light years away from the Earth .
Over time , slang almost always becomes part of the language , and approved for use by all .
Cubes , cylinders , cones and spheres are simple shapes in solid geometry .
Many churches have Gothic architecture .
Sodium chloride is a salt .
Neanderthal man came about 200,000 years ago .
Some extensions had been added to the main software along the development of MediaWiki .
In Japan , people do not wear shoes , and floors are often made of very soft materials , too soft for shoes .
The more electrons are shared , the stronger the bond gets and the stronger the atoms stick together .
So if a town is 80 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- away and a person in a car gets there in one hour , they have traveled at an average speed of 80 kilometres -LRB- 50 miles -RRB- per hour .
To the south-east there is the Baltic Sea , to the west the North Sea , to the north the Skagerrak and to the north-east the Kattegat .
These include strawberries , blackberries , raspberries and boysenberries .
Only a cabal can know if there is no cabal , so this is either a guess , or , it is a cabal trying to pretend it does not exist .
The sizes of cities can be very different .
From July to September 1989 , Voyager 2 discovered six new moons of Neptune .
As noted above , the redshift arises from the metric expansion of space ; as the space itself expands , the wavelength of a photon traveling through space likewise increases , decreasing its energy .
Fishing is a popular sport .
A galaxy is a group of many stars , along with gas , dust , and dark matter .
However , the word cooker means a machine or tool that a cook might use to cook food , such as a rice cooker .
The biggest city in Japan is Tokyo , which is the capital .
The government does not want the people to read the truth in books and magazines from outside the country .
But not all positive numbers are natural -LRB- for example is positive , but not natural -RRB- .
These may include angels , devils and other such things which can be both good and bad .
Sometimes people make leather out of whales , ducks , giraffes , and African elephants , but all of these ways of making leather are very simple but can also be very hard and rare sometimes .
The government asked the Soviet Union for military assistance .
Many scientists reject these ideas , saying that they make no sense and can not be tested .
People who like to leave nature unharmed and those who feel they need to use more of nature often fight about what they should do .
Ideally , women should pray behind men .
Cuba became the most important producer of sugar .
Sulfuric acid and nitric acid were two substances that they discovered .
After AD711 it was occupied by the Moors .
Small groups continued to fight against the Taliban in the northern part of the country .
Animals are metazoan living things .
Articles on scientific topics -LRB- like Earth -RRB- usually need complex words .
These philosophers write books and articles about philosophy and teach classes about philosophy to university or college students .
It looks at plastics .
For example , a dictionary of science if it included essays was thought of as an encyclopedia or knowledgeable book on the subject of science .
In `` stand-up comedy '' , a comedian -LRB- person who tries to make people laugh -RRB- stands up in front of a crowd and tells jokes and silly stories .
Australia took 6.5 million immigrants in the 60 years after World War Two , including around 660,000 refugees .
-LCB- -LCB- Quote `` See yonder , lo , the GalaxyÃ `` Which men clepeth the Milky Wey , For hit is whyt '' .
Music written with the twelve-tone system sounds strange to some , but is mathematical in nature , often making sense only after careful study .
Recent observations indicate that the gaseous disk of the Milky Way has a thickness of around 12000 light years -- twice the previously accepted value .
-LRB- `` Canada , land of our parents and grandparents , you wear a crown of beautiful flowers !
In many cases , these compounds have a fixed composition and their own structure and properties .
All people must wash themselves before they pray .
In some math problems one variable is changed .
Jazz influenced other types of music like the Western art music from the 1920s and 1930s .
So a helium atom with two protons and one neutron is called helium-3 , and a carbon atom with six protons and six neutrons is called carbon-12 .
Cows die , and wheat rots .
Although Australia is a very big country , a lot of the land is very dry .
The English language has a very large vocabulary .
It is called the water cycle .
It has also developed close relations with the Northeastern United States .
Most religions have special buildings where people meet .
27.5 % of the population was living in poverty in 2004 â `` 2005 .
In 1642 , Abel Tasman , working for the Dutch East India Company reached Tasmania .
Most are temporary and related to diet - the food you eat .
A 1 or a 0 symbol stored by a computer is called a bit , which comes from the words binary digit .
To quit .
Jupiter also has a thin ring system .
However , they do not try to say so or change things because than they might even be put in jail .
